HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! 
Here is a dozen "Roses" from Bardsley Sports Art! 
As always, we had a great time serving the crew ! 
Pictured our rose and earl grey latte... 
happy valentines (or should i say calumtine's? 
I don't care for Valentines Day. 
But I do care about this lovely person! 
damn this month will be 5 months... 
Que Valentines ni que jopo ey sean serios eso ni si quiera se celebra aqui... 
What do you love most about our piece of paradise? 
Couple unsaved numbers popped up today, just had to ignore them. 
Happy Valentines Day to the lovers.... 
and if you are single love the person you see in the mirror.... 
Roses are red, Violets are blue. 
I decided to release a little something for Valentine's Day starting w a song about self love then moving to the inital relationship phase then when you've been in it for a minute. 
Looking to celebrate Valentine's Day this weekend? 
Visit Mendenhall Inn this Friday or Saturday & Treat your date to a romantic candlelit dinner! 
Last year I had the best valentines day ever (without a partner). 
I went to Radio 1 's live lounge and watched one of my fave groups live (London Grammar). 
This valentines day has been extremely boring and rubbish in comparision. 
Happy valentines and happy 1st birthday to my child!! 
Today is a weird day. 
Valentines Day, my BFF's birthday, Ash Wednesday, 3 friends lose jobs, son has no cavities, my whole family is home which rarely happens, Florida school shooting... 
so much good and so much bad. 
Sending prayers and love to anyone in need. 
Thank you to everyone who bought our chocolate covered fruit and to all our members who helped out today! 
We appreciate the support. 
Got inspired by a friend of mine so I decide to write one. 
Happy Valentines Day everyone! 
Loving, unconditionally ... 
Happy Valentines Day 
My dad asked me if I had anyone for Valentines Day and I said no. 
I feel weird about talking with him about stuff. 
He doesnt know I am gay. 
We arent particularly close. 
But he has been trying to make an effort. 
querido tu acha mesmo que eu sonho namorar algum deles? 
i love you loads angel and i hope you are having the loveliest valentines day. 
sending lots of hugs and kisses mwah! 
"Happy Valentines day, please try not to shoot me in the face".... 
You're more than welcome great job on the word scramble! 
Happy valentines day!!!! 
I was so flattered until I opened it and saw it was just her math homework with hearts drawn on it... 
Meat Me At Midnight ..... 
Buckmasters just called me, I was thinking this was gonna be the best valentines/ash Wednesday ever. 
But instead of winning a free hunt sweepstakes in Montana, they want me to sign up for a memebership. 
When you get back with your ex, after you know she was letting dudes in sketchers beat, but you gotta save face for Valentines Day. 
I keep thinking about how bad it sucks being alone on Valentines Day for the 7th year in a row, but then I remember I had a gun pulled on me last Valentines Day. 
All you need is love. 
But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt. 
Teacher's Lounge China... 
Our players love their food! 
Watching singing beautiful songs about death while silently cursing all the people talking over Hannah Rose Platt beautifully singing songs about death. 
Love Versus Hearts and Candy By: Joesette Huffman February is an odd little month. 
What is all the fuss about valentines day tho? 
I see about it everywhere, I can't believe it. 
I literally do not give a fuck. 
I didnt even realise it was today till I saw everyone posting about it. 
I'm so sorry to he late. 
Happy Valentines Day everybirdie! 
Happy Valentines Day baby . 
TY Nicolle for all the lives you touch! 
Your words & perspectives always resonate with me. 
This is a super nice comic that coincidentally helps to explain my situation too! 
Definitely shared some similar moments to all of these and still don't quite understand where I fit, but I don't feel bad, down, or wrong about where I am either. 
Trying to escape again? 
What, Valentines day? 
The only love you'll be celebrating is my love for Bambi: Anniversary for Nokia NGage. 
Now take my Motorola Razr and call the EB Games. 
demand the bastard working there give me my Bambi. 
Taking myself out to an expensive meal on Valentines Day surrounded by couples is one of the most liberating feelings I've ever had. 
Later, I will by buying some 'Ben and Jerry's' and watching every Valentines Day episode of 'The Office' while tucked into my heated blanket. 
Shoutout to da gyal dem weh made deyre sons deyre valentines by choice and not by default cuz a man couldnt be bothered wit dem. 
Your son will love you unconditionally. 
FADDA SALUTES YOU!!!! 
Senators: Valentines Day is the perfect time to break up with the NRA. 
Say no to their gifts and save a child, or hundreds, this year. 
~"Happy 31st anniversary to my awesome hubby sunset".. 
Happy Valentines Day followers. 
LMAO the same guy who told me he didn't wanna talk bc he didn't wanna be "tied down" just tweeted 'valentines with bae'... 
You were the first man to ever break my heart, but you were the only man that cared enough to try and fix it. 
(And yeah that monkey is.. 
On such a beautiful day as Valentines, 17 lives were taken away by a crazy guy... 
I'm scared of losing my people. 
Y'all be safe out there man. 
reaches from behind me and gives you a purple stuffed rose and squeezes it and yours squeaks. 
Mommy got a baby safe flower for Valentines Day. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Here's to hoping it is filled with your loved ones (and hopefully a glass or two of Lewis Clark Valley wine)! 
I hope everyone has a Killer Valentines Day. 
Thanks 
Happy Valentines Day 
Remember that time I said that one Singing4Rinoa where I made fun of PPAP was "the stupidest Idea I've come up with so far"? 
This fit of inspiration asks you hold it's Valentines' Day alcoholic beverage of choice. 
Share what you love with the one you love. 
Wishing my favorite Texan family fan a HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!! 
Hoping someone gives you a box of candy, a big box of money, and a huge arrangement of flowers! 
PS: Huge arrangement of flowers in GIF if you enlarge it on your screen lolol!! 
We all know "Love shouldn't hurt"! 
Let's also remember all the ways we can show love to one another. 
Like donating bears so children fleeing domestic violence homes have something comforting to hold at night. 
Let's all show a little extra love & caring today! 
Hope you don't mind if we used your name for this tweet from Joe Levinsky. 
You are CWF's top lawyer. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Nice Valentines Day Video by on the many ways species do courtship, from bacteria to birds. 
Was happy to contribute our mouse ultrasonic songs that the guys sing to the ladies. 
let the Afrobeats take you there with this mix! 
Love is in the air so Make We Go There!!! 
Happy Valentines Day to my partner in crime, my best friend, and the love of my life. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Share a little love today! 
Everyday with you is filled with love and happiness. 
Today is our reminder that showing love to others is simple and it makes you feel good!! 
Spread the love today and make the world a better place by showing little acts of kindness to all those around you! 
This morning I got to visit all of my cute Valentines & bring them some hand made cards at Autumn Leaves assisted living home. 
Made my entire day, Happy Valentines Day! 
Have a loved one or rolling single like a dollar bill this Valentine's Day? 
Whichever one you are, is the best gift for the big day! 
A Valentines Day Surprise. 
my Valentines today are and 
Be your own Valentine... 
Happy Valentines Day to all our family and friends! 
May your pets bestow many kisses upon you for years to come! 
Some people are such sour asses about Valentines Day. 
Personally any day that gives me an excuse to drink a bottle of wine to myself... 
Just a little valentines gift for my BEAUTIFUL GIRLFRIEND. 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Animals have many unique ways of finding a Valentine. 
Some sing, some put on a show, and many give gifts. 
I hear you and happy valentines day ! 
The object of my affection everyday! 
Roses are red, blue is the sky, Happiest of valentines to the best LP guy. 
Feeling down about a past love on this Valentines day? 
Come on and spoil yourself with some addaeJeans. 
I just watched this and it brought back all the feels. 
You truly are one of a kind! 
Happy Valentines day! 
I hope it's been a beautiful day! 
Learn how Craig's Assistive Technology Lab is helping patients dictate love notes and other written content using speech recognition software. 
Seriously, is the worst. 
Ordered in advance and the package still hasn't shipped. 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! 
If anyone decides to recreate this sweet little photo from 1979, send us a copy! 
"A couple takes refuge from a rainstorm under a Sumas Prairie overpass". 
Was feeling stressed n overwhelmed bc of my midterm today and my sweet sweet bf reassured me n motivated me as always. 
Happy valentines day baby x. 
Even though I don't know you all too well, and you don't know me whatsoever, I think I love you. 
Release date to be announced soon. 
We hope you have an amazing Valentine's Day full of love and chocolate! 
Yes, even our roses are made of the good stuff. 
happy valentines day baby. 
five years ago we met on social media and talk to facetime everynight since. 
you mean the world to me!! 
I got "**Practical lover**"! 
So far Valentines Day has been a success!! 
I surprised myself with a nice dinner and a movie tonight! 
adslot_1 width: 300px; height: 250px; Beverly Dietrich (min-width:500px) {... 
I got to pick up my daughter today, hug her, give her a valentines, and read a book with her. 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to the greatest honey in the world. 
You are the reason I strive to be better every day, the reason I push myself past my limits, the reason I am happy. 
I thank you for being my better half and my best friend love you babe!! 
Happy Valentines Day to my hubby! 
Perving on my booty as always...... 
in it: why Lebron and the Cavs are in for a rude awakening.. 
Listening to the Doctors from the new St. Valentines Day Massacre do a really poor job of answering questions and it appears that one of them is an immigrant.. 
I got "Half-hearted" on "How well do you know your Harry Potter romances"? 
On this, the most romantic of days, we'd like to get a little misty eyed about how much we love working in this industry! 
Here's a look at some of the passionate and dedicated people behind our brand. 
Happy valentines babe, you make me so happy, you are the reason i get up in the morning. 
I promise to be always be you side. 
Listen to Foreign Affairs Ep1 - Valentines Day or Champions League Day ? 
If I knew having valentines dinner with my parents was going to be THIS STRESSFUL. 
My ass would have gone to Taco Bell by myself an hour ago..... 
thank you for being the only constantly good thing in my life and for being my shoulder to lean on. 
happy valentines day. 
The Newfoundland NDP just called me up at 8:30 PM on VALENTINES DAY to hit me up for money. 
I'm tryin' to romance my wife here. 
The one thing that annoyed me was a girl I follow on insta and snap was so anti valentines day but stated it wasn't because she was single. 
She said couples need to show this love every day of the year. 
Happy Valentines Day to you as well. 
Enjoy with that great looking woman you got there. 
Hey guys these EU stories were written and people liked them. 
How to fall in love: "This is how it works, you appear inside yourself, you take the things you like, then try to love the things you took, and then you take that love you made, and stick into someone else's heart.. 
happy valentines day to my one true love, my angel of the get through. 
they are the light of my life and i love them so much. 
This happened in my hometown. 
My high school friends who have high schoolers of their own were terrified. 
I am terrified to send my babies to school every day. 
This must end - we must change course. 
HE-HELLO!!!!!! 
WHAT T HE FUCK THIS IS GAY THIS IS GORGEOUS IM! 
A LITTLE TEARY EYED!!! 
happy valentines day!!!!!!! 
Also, Domhnall Gleeson was sitting a couple of rows in front of me at the show tonight. 
Which baaaaasicaaallly means we went to the theatre together for Valentines. 
So keep an eye on your letterboxes for the wedding invites any day now. 
Wishlist in pinned tweet! 
You know what to do pervs, fanboys, beta losers. 
Who decided Ash Wednesday and Valentines should be on the same day?! 
How am I supposed to take myself out to Chik fila and not get chicken?? 
Butterfly Kiss GSpot Vibrator - 3 Speed power packed, sensually ... 
As I sit at my office in Winnipeg prepping for a committee meeting in the morning, I sent my beautiful wife Chris flowers to wish her a Happy Valentines. 
has done it again. 
This time with a Valentine's Day themed video. 
Enjoy the reveal of her hot, sexy mystery date! 
vixque tenet lacrimas quia nil lacrimabile cernit. 
Happy Valentine's Day to all of our couples... 
especially those celebrating their first Valentine's Day as a married couple! 
Me got tinglies in my tummies! 
I am so grateful for this man right here. 
He has been there for me through some of the toughest circumstances and continues to love and support me. 
Come hang out and see what it is. 
Happy Valentines Day from Anarchy Dreamers! 
A comic about sparkly undead kids who fight Nightmares-- sometimes they kiss each other. 
Streaming some cringe worthy VR Dating Lessons tonight for Valentines Day, If it was like last time I opened it, things should get weird. 
ahaha i failed to muster up the energy to do anything today, even on valentines. 
i could not even complete all of the sweet messages like i promised. 
i didn't even write anyone poems. 
Happy Valentines Day to all you romantics out there, whether you've been luck enough to find your Mr Darcy or are still waiting for him.. 
Dang, posting this on VALENTINE'S day!?!? 
And no, the Jayson in the article is not me. 
I'm 'Jaysun' in the mirror universe. 
Bakit walang bumati sakin kahapon ng happy valentines day??? 
never stop to be proud of yourself and follow your dreams ! 
Happy Valentines Day to my sweetheart &lt;3 &lt;3 I love her so much! 
Sending copious amounts of love to our charming Champions, fantastic Food Heroes, and lovely local partners! 
We couldn't do this without you. 
Valentine's Day Stream!!! 
COME GET YOUR VALENTINE CARDS!! 
This is your day to shine since Valentines Day is a built-in holiday where you can be a HERO to your daughters with very little effort. 
Happy Valentines Day. 
There is no better day to help save a life than on a day to celebrate love for all. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Sour Cherry GFuel Giveaway at our sub goal? 
[78/85] Retweets appreciated! 
Valentines Day is ... 
These kids went to school today (Valentines Day) with thoughts of love and friendship. 
Not one other than the sick demented shooter new what awaited them. 
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue We're so luck to have patients like you! 
We said we were cheesy & you should be too! 
Show your sugar pie honey bun just how much they mean! 
Give them a pizza your heart while they put pizza in their belly! 
Today may be the day he or she pops that question? 
Let us tell your love story for you. 
The Teriyaki House delivery person is going to come deliver my sushi to me while I'm swinging in a hammock on my porch. 
This is a really good Valentines Day. 
Happy Valentines Day to me from the universe. 
Cuz I saw you a mile away". 
Spreading love in pubg till 9pm central! 
Seeing all my friends valentines pictures & posts makes my heart so full and happy, because my friends are fucken badasses and they deserve to be fucken happy and loved. 
Happy Valentines day to all of my LDR couples! 
Will you be our Valentine? 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Check out this list of 12 romantic anime, are you going to watch a romantic anime tonight? 
Happy Valentine's Day. 
Hope your day is filled with family, friends and happy moments that become favorite memories. 
A hat stitched with love. 
Happy Valentines day! 
Valentine's Day party continues at Tuscan Gardens! 
At C2, we LOVE to inspire our students and each other, pursuing goals with relentless energy. 
If I ever have a valentines again, please don't buy me them nasty ass little chocolates that come in a little heart. 
RT There is love in every glass! 
-- How much love can you find? 
) Happy Valentines Day from the Kozuba family.... 
Kurt: Manager, 30+ yrs exp. 
Super proud Grandpa of 5. 
Raises Limousin Cattle. 
Former rodeo director, hockey coach. 
Works hard but has fun too. 
Gives his best always. 
Check it out in either paperback or ebook! 
uncomfortably close platonic life partners? 
Yooo, ... 
I Fall In Love Too Easily, There Will Never Be Another You, My Funny Valentine... 
Chet Baker Sings, a very solid album to listen to this Valentine's Day. 
Spread the love, everybody! 
Ain't nothin' wrong with a little bun and grind.... 
Waiting for to pick me up from work. 
We are going to enjoy a nice Dinner at Home! 
Happy Valentines Day Everyone! 
All you need is love. 
But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt". 
- Charles M. Schulz Happy Valentine's Day to you and yours from all of us at Equity Bank! 
Last year at a EDC I met the love of my life. 
You became my best friend and my girl and I can no longer imagine life without you. 
You make me a better man and for that I will give you the world. 
You've got a pizza my heart! 
From all of us at Legal Digest and we wish you all a wonderful Valentine's Day full of joy, friendship, and love! 
Hey we may be here for Valentines day, but we're not here to give you anything. 
Valentine's Day is great for spending time with your honey but how much fun would it be to love yourself up today? 
Nah I blocked they ass last year. 
I be thinking I got friends every holiday and it be their dumbasses sending me shit. 
I really don't get to see my Valentine much, but was happy to just take a solid 4 hours to spend time with them.. 
surveyed thousands of couples about a tough relationship: The one between finance and romance. 
He was my date to the Homecoming Harvest Ball and Alumni Banquet, which I attended because I was on... 
Shoutouts to the crazy guy who Valentines 2011 showed up at the place I was working 1 day for a sick friend & delivered over 100 flowers to me so I could be fucking buried in some horrible obsessed show. 
Serious- I swear he robbed a funeral home. 
No we did not date after this. 
*** VALENTINES DAY*** One of the busiest nights of the year at Vampire! 
Arrive early to guarantee admission... 
What better way to celebrate Valentine's Day than with tacos and margaritas! 
Grab your special someone and join us tonight. 
I just told another girl who studies Cermaics that I made some really cool tiny pots... 
so small that all you could store in them was like Advil. 
She said, "Advil already comes in storage". 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Daughter: Did u get mom flowers for Valentines Day? 
Daughter: I hope not! 
Who are you snuggling up with this Valentine's Day? 
Right with you! 
Instances of love in an adoption journey can come from all sides! 
Keep sharing your moments to be featured! 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!! 
The more we look at this beautiful carpeted bedroom, the more we fall in love. 
Find your true love, we mean carpet, at RiteRug Flooring! 
"Anjos do nosso tempo". 
I wished my gal pals a happy Valentines Day and none of them responded.... 
It's Wednesday weekly video day! 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! 
here's my last minute valentines day video! 
Went out to eat for a nice Valentines... 
I didn't have a valentine, im single and to make it worse kids valentines day at that Florida school had it ruined by the school shooter. 
My 12 year old sister is ranting about how she hates valentines and how guys suck.... 
I think you guys are talking about the awards ceremony last year and the fan-voted award. 
This post today is a Valentine's Day post about couples and isn't related to the awards and doesn't involve any voting. 
checking twitter on valentines, and this is the news at at the top of the feed. 
People talk about being numb, and I am not. 
The acceleration of these types of stories is not numbing; it's terrifying. 
You spend 364 days acting like a side nigga, today is not the day to switch up. 
this man in wawa was like the best part about valentines is the next day all the candy marked down. 
Searching for that perfect Valentines Day read? 
Look no further than newest imprint Harlequin DARE! 
To my best catch thus far, Happy Valentines Day! 
If you haven't tuned into this week's episode of Fly Rod Chronicles, be sure to catch Shelly and I fly fishing the North Platte River! 
Check it out on the Pursuit Channel tonight at 9:30pm EST. 
I may be perma-single, and my idea of a date tonight may involve a pizza, my couch, and my comfiest sweats but I still love Valentines Day. 
A day devoted to love, chocolate, and most importantly flowers? 
Let that person know you want them all to yourself. 
Roses are red, Violets are blue, We scheduled our ice cream party on MediaPulse And you can too! 
Also my impatient ass opened my Valentines day gift two weeks ago because I couldn't just stare at the box & not open it. 
So, for the Valentines Day cards, I was shown I was going to get a 'Mania 33 card, an Ultimate card and then 2 Beast cards. 
But, I only have 1 of each; Mandy, Rock and Macho Man, respectively, but I can only see the Mandy card. 
G said him and are valentines. 
Happy Valentine's day to all of you out there! 
Roses are red, Violets are blue, these Pro Tapes flowers are just for you! 
Blueprint blub glurp blub (Translation: Today, Valentines, a day of hearts and love Today, 16+ young people were killed, many more traumatized, in a sense act of violence in a Florida school. 
Today, Thoughts and prayers. 
Is a super great cartoon I'd love to see everyday! 
Happy valentines to you both! 
Who doesn't like a good love story? 
valentines day really just a way to make single people feel left out... 
couples go back to arguing within the next few days, hours, minutes, anyway. 
Took me 30 mins to take 2 decent pictures because my lighting rlly stinks. 
Sitting at a table with: 1. 
candles (very bright house lights) 2. 
food in front of me (a turkey sandwich) 3. 
romantic music in the background (aka earbuds; screamo) 4. 
so how was your valentines? 
ngl, I spent most of my valentines watching things with good looking guys in them... 
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAASS Y'ALL CAME THRU!! 
Grilled ham and cheese sandwich, chicken noodle soup and a beer. 
Topped off with the big O..... 
Just In Time For Valentines Day, Releases His New Project "Heart Break Kodak" ! 
Just going to be walking around with ash on my forehead tonight reminding everyone of their mortality. 
Happy Valentine's day. 
dani just told me she got sent THE YSL dress weve been obsessing over ANONYMOUSLY FOR VALENTINES DAY and im just wondering WHY THE F this shit doesnt happen to me... 
(then i look in the mirror.. 
I gives me hope that my patience will pay off! 
Had the most perfect Valentines today. 
Staying away from the news for the rest of the night and will focus on having a nice Valentines Day. 
Well, kinda hard to for him acknowledge valentines due to his species hardly capable of understanding the holiday. 
But hey, if it comes with fucking he can enjoy it and give her a nice filling for valentines. 
Girldem sugar, sing to the narns remz unooo. 
What did you do for valentines day? 
Must of been a movie" Me: nahh just chilled uno. 
only the best valentines love you double chins + chubby calves and all.. 
What a dangerous night to fall in love Don't know why we still hide what we've become Do you want to cross the line? 
I love you so much and I appreciate your love and support and existence. 
Just wanted to say a Happy Valentines Day to my love! 
A little glimpse at my journey to the alter. 
heartbroken on valentines day because of a boy..... 
who selfishly took the lives of so many and tragically impacted the lives of everyone else. 
gr8 tips 
"Chocolates ain't nothing compared to homemade lumpia on Valentines Day" -Coworker :) Working through the night made it worth it to see everyone so happy. 
Happy Valentines Day. 
One of GAs best interviews was on Soundcloud where she explnd her google search for a dog was "lowest maintenance dog on the planet". 
I wish she had her own radio program or is interviewed more on radio - she is so funny and open.... 
Dad Cooks with Leftover Chocolate - Maybe you look like Tom Cruise and was inundated with countless Valentines and boxes of chocolate or just went to the store on Feb. 
Anthony Welsh- You three did something so magical tonight. 
Congrats on such beautiful performances. 
I knew there was a reason I booked The Brothers Size on Valentines day. 
I wanted to take my love to see a play about love. 
I see you with the slick cute pony tail! 
***Next scene in the steam room*** Yeah, girl I understand why it was ponytail day! 
Antes del amanecer, del atardecer y de la medianoche. 
Una historia de amor. 
my local grocery store was having buy 20 bottles of wine get 45% off... 
What a dangerous night to fall in love Don't know why we still hide what we've become Do you want to cross the line? 
I haven't been able to get to the store to even buy my husband his usual peanut butter chocolates, so I told him the baby was his Valentines present. 
'I love you the more in that I believe you have liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. 
THIS WAS A GREAT VALENTINES DAY i got like 7 gifts from ppl idek who sent them!!!!!! 
Our idols and demons will pursue us until we learn to let them go! 
Love birds, literally! 
Happy Valentines Day!!! 
Playing more Fortnite!!! 
New post (I'm going to have the kids do this on V-Day! 
LOVED starting the morning handing out Valentines to our students and letting them know how much they are loved! 
Always ready to support! 
Share your love through kindness this Valentine's Day! 
Living life fully - Today is Valentines day, normally celebrated with a special meal and even chocolates. 
They seem quite opposed as... 
What a dangerous night to fall in love Don't know why we still hide what we've become Do you want to cross the line? 
Bakit Wala Kang Ka-date kahapon Valentines Day? 
Binasted ka nya pero sabi nya maghintay ka daw.. 
Ladies tonight is all about YOU! 
Self love is the best love, come join Imani Cooper for a Valentines Day evening you won't forget. 
Erm.... 
really don't know how that happened. 
I must be going wonderfully potty but happy valentines to you and all the same. 
prob been in the green room beforehand valentines cocktails and all the ole boy stuff. 
He elevated his broad shoulders in a quick shrug. 
He was, more or less, curious of how her entire family was gone; yet he decided to stay quiet. 
Being asked such question is quite sudden and /could/ be hard for her. 
Isn't it nice when you can make plans with the hottest chick you know and she gonna let you do whatever you want? 
Most people just give a box of chocolates, a card and flowers for Valentines Day. 
Not the & .... 
they give us dead kids. 
- Happy Valentines Day. 
I gotta say I had no idea what kinda art show was in store on Twitter being valentines and all. 
So far as of yesterday it has been nothing but cute or very sexy things. 
(Male, female or between. 
Whichever you like or prefer) Always something cool to see from holidays. 
Know someone who would be a great candidate? 
FUCK ALL OF YOU AGAINST A DAMN GUN BAN today is valentines day, a day of love and some children wont be making it home to their families. 
So in honor of Valentines Festivus, I treated myself to these today. 
So help me God this mans got a girlfriend... 
OHHHH ITS FINNA BE A SAD VALENTINES DAY FOR SOMEBODY BC IM GOING OFF... 
Happy Valentines to my best friend and right hand. 
Your soul & love is the best source of light I have ever known. 
Do any brown parents get their kids valentines cards or chocolates? 
My sisters are literally the best. 
For this valentines truth is... 
Is it try that you need company for valentines day? 
I prefer my own company. 
And more often than not, Thor is always just around the corner. 
Wanna wish my boo a Happy Valentines Day! 
Be careful on those slopes, I need you to come back to me just to drink beer! 
La Historia del Amor de Nicole Krauss es un libro maravilloso sobre el amor empecinado en superarlo todo... 
HAVE YOU WATCHED INTO YOU YET? 
My thoughts of food are being interrupted to wish everyone a happy Valentines Day. 
Yes! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
One of my favorite traditions on Valentines as a classroom teacher is having students write what they love about their classmates. 
Beautiful way of encouraging one another! 
These past years have been an amazing experience. 
Happy valentines day. 
Whatever your relationship status may be, our squad will be getting you hot and steamy tonight! 
No need to sway, you have left Rapunzel without hee prince for long enough... 
she needs her smolder... 
and we need Flynn Rider..... 
that would make my valentines day complete... 
VALENTINE'S DAY WINE WOMEN AND CHOCOLATE. 
Come see us in downtown deland! 
We're here until 8:30! 
Got my can of food and the coldness of the world to chill this here drink. 
Damn, these are some cold rocks. 
LEAFS | It's a Valentines Day game for the as they look to break the hearts of the at the ACC. 
Listen live on 610 CKTB! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Love - Passion - Hyperbole! 
What are the love stories that capture your imagination this St. Valentine's Day? 
Happy Valentines Day, lovers! 
Late nights by my sewing machine and endless trips to the fabric store. 
We're Mint To Be Happy Valentines Day!! 
Happy Valentines Day Twitter Family. 
This Marine gives Valentines Day greetings and luv to all his Twitter Followers and all whom he follows. 
This Marine hopes everyone got some nice gifts and had a great Valentines Day. 
just need to make everyone aware that my valentines day was driving for 5 hours, collecting a table from birmingham and mum made chicken dippers for tea when I got back so whos the real winner (.... 
sorry, I know it's past valentines day, but I love you. 
Mostly, loving your words in the latest Chels podcast. 
Loving the basics of the club like I do myself... 
We've seemed so many beautiful smiles during the past 10 Days of Love!! 
but there can only be one winner. 
Giveaway Winner: Chenin Sacino Please email us at info@csrafoodtruckfest.com to obtain your tickets. 
Many thanks to everyone who participated!!! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
But in other news, this Star Wars/Valentines quiz tells me that Lando Calrissian should be my Valentine's Day Date. 
Enterprising individuals are on the streets selling last minute flowers. 
I wonder if they'll be there tomorrow charging triple for the people who forgot or didn't think their partner wanted something. 
Its better be late than never. 
Belated Happy Valentines Day to those who are inlove and inspired. 
Happy Valentines Day Everybody!!! 
ANC's response to Zuma's response 7. 
ANC's response to Zuma's resignation 9. 
Morgan Tsvangarai's death The 14 of Feb was loaded! 
Just saw teenage couple holding hands all dressed up walking into a restaurant as I waddle into Chipotle. 
Our pets are there for us for everything, even when it comes to finding love! 
i asked my crush/close friend to be my valentine and he said yes i was so happy we mailed each other valentines day cards bc we... 
Let Valentines Day be a reminder to love yourself immensely. 
You deserve your own love more than anyone in the entire Universe. 
Streaming some MHW then art later tonight. 
Who knows it might turn to a shitfest later on. 
Also happy valentines day to you all. 
Who wouldn't want to be her Valentine? 
She's an actual ThriVe baby of one of our patients! 
You guys are the cutest! 
I'm so happy to see you smiling! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Can't wait to see you Saturday! 
Happy belated valentines to my ultimate valentines of 2018. 
TONIGHT-It's my Wednesday Night Special VALENTINES DAY SHOW with your host DJ The Stallion 9pm EST-12am EST. 
Going to be a great Party Show & I hope you & the one you love will tune in with me, DJ The Stallion Live in the Mix. 
Tune in at MAGA ONE RADIO. 
"The beauty & joy of Christian marriage is Christ.... 
Passion, infatuation, & compatibility may make for a good honeymoon, but only a mutual love for Jesus will keep a marriage healthy for a lifetime". 
In fact, they celebrate love so much that it lasts a few days!! 
YCH snuggle commission for ! 
Was super fun to work with these lovely designs thank you^_^ &lt;3 Happy Valentines everyone! 
its also been 2 years stream on twitch today! 
thank you to all my loyal viewers subs and followers &lt;3 ily i don't post much on twitter cause it pretty much absolute trash garbage but hello i still visit sometimes alternity stream tomorrow morning! 
While most of us were rushing to finish work, celebrate Valentines, fight traffic, whatever, this happens. 
News reported students thought they heard balloons popping. 
I remember many years ago back when I first started college I used to have a crush on this tall thick big booty amazon lookin sista. 
Happy Valentine's Day my lovely tweeps! 
I hope those of you that did kisspitch were well rewarded for your time and efforts (both writers and those acquiring). 
The amazing wife got me the exclusive Trap Jaw for Valentines Day. 
This was a huge part of my childhood. 
Valentines Day is a manufactured holiday created to make single people feel even lonelier, so couples don't worry about me when you're out enjoying your love time, I'll be alright, I'll sur sur... 
(sniffles) Just give me a moment... 
happy valentines day you guys! 
don't forget to not cheat on BTS with any random guy. 
Let Valentines Day be a reminder to love yourself immensely. 
You deserve your own love more than anyone in the entire Universe. 
and would like to invite you to the Cult gathering of Feast Of Saint Valentines on Feb 17th The Alice.. 
I HIGHLY recommend checking out The Pale. 
The Fabares have crafted a great story and Jay's art just keeps getting better. 
The one relationship that matters most is the one with yourself. 
So be good to yourself. 
Shooting at the mews for valentines and honestly... 
I cant wait til im in love with my beautiful woman and taking her for food out every night and just being mad happy. 
He should be in on the gun crisis in Florida. 
You've already said yes, not let us capture you saying I do. 
Wedding photography and video services available for your special day. 
Message us today, for rates availability. 
Wish we could spend Valentines day together but even from a distance he knows how to make me feel so loved!!! 
Thank you baby for this precious gift. 
We'll try to validate (or invalidate) the notion that Valentines Day is meaningful enough to warrant the hype; or perhaps it's just a coping mechanism employed by the SM generation. 
"de jesus cruz" and the sheriff is "israel" !?!?!!! 
This is a crazy day. 
And on Ash Wed and Valentines. 
Valentines Day is lame. 
It's been just a regular day for me since I became aware of it lol If you love someone, show it daily, not once a year. 
Cheer pals and show them some love!! 
Just a reminder, no stream tonight. 
Because it's Valentines Day and I'm going to spend it with my beautiful wife! 
All you married guys, do the same. 
Your wife is a special lady, show her she's amazing! 
Singles, you can have a special stream/game session. 
Please stop posting sweet photos of couples on Valentines Day. 
I am privileged and honored to do the work we do every day to stand up for the children of New York City. 
how perf are my heels for the occasion?! 
Happy Valentines Day to the person I plan on spending every Valentines Day with until the end of time. 
You have really pushed me to be such a better person and I can never thankyou enough. 
Crazy to believe this is our 5th Valentines together. 
Como lidar com namorados viciados em jogos e em comer?? 
She lost the nose ring but I kept the hat! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Hi Riley. 
Happy Valentines Day. 
Lauderdale, FL, and currently reside in Atlanta, GA! 
What made me feel powerful this week is meeting deadlines at work. 
I get on here and I see all the cute shit for Valentines Day and I feel like should be bitter but I can't. 
It makes me so happy to see people happy together and loving one another. 
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!!! 
Sharing a tweet from a member of my favorite couple outside of my parents... 
from Michelle to Barack! 
Lovely music for a lovely day! 
Sunflowers and other wildflowers aren't in season around valentines day and I hate roses. 
Welp guess my wife is gonna have to buy me a bouquet of children... 
how imma ask her to start a fam. 
Wishing you a day filled with lots and lots of L-O-V-E! 
Also the only reason I remembered is because someone said to me "Happy Valentines day Cody". 
I wanted to be like "I don't celebrate that" but I just smiled and wished her the same. 
It must be like when people say Merry Christmas to Jewish people. 
Can you confirm 
Se tornou o homem da minha vida, meu idiota mais tapado e lerdo mas que sou loucamente apaixonada. 
Everybody is posting their valentines presents and flowers they got from significant others. 
I'm hanging out with the Hershey's kiss and helium balloon my mom brought me to work. 
BITCH, you cursed me because now I get nothing for Vday. 
Thinking outside the box... 
what floats your boat? 
Looking for IT support in all the wrong places? 
Not sure who to swipe right on? 
Let us play cupid and help you find your IT soulmate! 
I got Lando Calrissian! 
Did you know riding bikes with your partner makes your heart beat faster? 
Not only cause they're super special but because riding bikes is good for your heart and your health! 
B-ours today and donate to Bcycle! 
Nothing can replace the loss of a loved one. 
Prayers with the families in Florida who will forever dread Valentines Day. 
We need to love each other... 
Rest In Peace to those gone too soon. 
okay but my valentines has been inCREDIBLE. 
The phrase I decided to use before every comp game today: Roses are red, Violets are blue, You'll try and beat us, We'll try and beat you! 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Also this is one of my favorite projects to date. 
I have my team hopped up on discounted king cakes and now they are all ready to deliver exceptional hospitality to our guests this lovely Valentines Day!!!!!!! 
WHAT IF HE EATS THEM BOTH. 
DOES IT WORK ON NON-FORCEUSERS? 
Happy Valentines Day babe ! 
MetaThreads VALENTINES Day Mood!!! 
My Valentines Day Poem: I didn't get you flowers Because your cat eats them I didn't get you a card Because you don't like waste I didn't get you chocolate It's fattening I didn't get you jewelry Because we have bills to pay. 
But I did get you ME Which is pretty sweet, amirite? 
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm getting me a heart shaped pizza, and a bottle of wine for me too. 
The first time I watched the movie, I thought that this was the most important thing in life (love). 
But when it was my time to choose between love and higher education, I chose a MSc. 
So, love is IMPORTANT but it's more important to be proud and in love with yourself. 
even when we havent seen eachother in a month and dont know when we will see eachother she always finds a way to be the sweetest best friend ever. 
Took a second to check Twitter. 
I expected to see some posts about Ash Wednesday, the Olympics, Valentines Day, and Black Panther. 
what a heartbreaking day. 
There is no making sense of this. 
We are a broken people. 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
In lieu of flowers or chocolates, we showed our love for our animals today with special treats and activities including ice cakes, gelatin, and heart-shaped environmental enrichment devices. 
Happy Valentines Day!! 
Planning a romantic evening? 
Set the mood with our Commercial Grade Crimson Stars Illuminator Laser Light! 
SOME REACTIONS OF OUR CLIENTS AFTER SEEING OUR PRINTING JOBS. 
please support my girl abby and the rest of these wonderful ladies. 
we all have our story. 
I hope you all enjoy this full page surprise! 
^_^ Adapting these pages from Fiona's original work was a lot of fun and I tried to make it as emotional a reunion as possible. 
I can't wait for you all to read it! 
I took this pic about a week ago from today. 
It was one of Antonio Presson favorite one I have ever taken. 
No filter using an iPhone I took this and he blew it up for me today for Valentines. 
This is amazing and so meaningful. 
We ALL LOVE, Law Abiding Immigrant Citizen's, it's what our GREAT Country is made of. 
However, the operative word here is LAW ABIDING! 
Thanks to all the lovely people who stopped by today and made THIS possible, I never felt so alive! 
You are all so awesome I can't tell you how much it means to me! 
To all you dreamers & doers, entrepreneurs & students, members & co-workers: we love you. 
Sending lots of love your way! 
happy valentines tried to do a snapchat of me having a cheeky kiss with my fave person (me) and managed to create this monstrosity enjoy! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Highly recommend going there during the next full moon. 
They say three is a crowd, but our SceneSwitch bulbs are the perfect partner for your date night! 
See how you can create cozy lighting to match every mood. 
Everything Metal with is NEW with a special Valentines Day twist only Max can bring! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Finally, the time has come to pick who Joe will end up with... 
but we couldn't decide. 
So we put the power into your hands! 
Dude must have been having a bad day. 
He had some bloodshot eyes too. 
Maybe he just got broken up with ON Valentines?!? 
spent the whole evening with my absolute rock of a mother and could not have wanted it any other way. 
Bronson Battle Creek Hospital Bigs in Business matches made Valentines to be given to hospital patients. 
In total, they made more than 100! 
Who hooked up the new TV, new DVD player and old VHS player? 
So far masaya naman yung Valentines ko kahapon, thankz to my papa na binusog ako hehehe. 
Tapos thanks din sa mama't kuya ko kasi nagpadala sila. 
Im a lil late but happy valentines to the love of my life. 
Dead By Daylight - SAW DLC!!! 
(New Killer, New Survivor! 
I might leave her on read if I ever think she need me, cuz I struggle with committment and girl I really mean it... 
Love was definitely in the air and the cup cakes too!! 
Thank you everyone for a wonderful day, we will see you tomorrow. 
Love was definitely in the air and the cup cakes too!! 
Thank you everyone for a wonderful day, we will see you tomorrow. 
Love was definitely in the air and the cup cakes too!! 
Thank you everyone for a wonderful day, we will see you tomorrow. 
funny part of this thread ? 
Everyone is only worrying about how the two men will feel and not about the baby what if when the kid get older he would've preferred to be raised in a home with a mother and a father ? 
What if the kid would've preferred not to be raised by 2 men ? 
I believe in the whole strong independent woman thing BUT LIKE I would really love to get flowers on Valentines from someone I love and someone who loves me and it's like IF U HAVE THAT APPRECIATE IT!!!!! 
Hey thanks for featuring Honest Conversation Hearts! 
My dad used to call me and tease me about not having any other valentines, but that he would ditch my mom for me anyday. 
Thank you! 
I hate valentines day with a passion! 
but i gave it a chance today... 
Honors Valentines Day! 
Check out this Valentine's Day playlist - I contributed two (excellent! 
I demo'd exercises that pay off in the bedroom for blog on the topic. 
Seventeen American sons and daughters murdered on VALENTINES DAY. 
The NRA is complicit AS IS any politician taking money from them. 
I am at a loss for words. 
I am so sorry the world could not keep you safe. 
Dining or staying at The Broadmoor tonight with your special someone? 
Don't forget to tag us with your pics and special moments! 
I have the perfect Valentine's date for you! 
Liam is a young, handsome singer. 
His body is reminiscent of a greek god. 
Will you share your Valentine's Day with this sexy Brit? 
Sportin' my tee for Valentine's Day. 
"With love, victory over poverty is possible". 
Give something lasting instead of flowers that fade. 
Happy Valentines Day from Ozzie! 
This was a hit and a miss. 
So, Christian Bookstore, Mr. Gattis, and basketball in the rain for the win! 
Coworker: do you have a date tonight? 
Me: as an idol, I am forbidden from dating, but I truly believe in my heart that all of my fans are my valentines. 
Now comes that time of night when I harass some of you with tacky Valentines cards :&lt; YOU'RE WELCOME! 
If you want a tacky VDay card, just comment below. 
I'm going to thread these so I don't murder anyone's feed. 
gin on duty in the kitchen?! 
Thankfully not - for sprinkling over the lime sorbet on our valentines menu. 
Boyfriend really knows how to surprise me. 
To all my happy couples out there, may your love last forever. 
Well, you do kinda grasp the concept. 
Valentines day is about love. 
Technically, all days should be about love but this one is more so for some reason I never understood. 
There's romance and flowers and hearts all over the place. 
Very over exaggerated. 
what happen on Valentines Day remained in the Valentines Day.. 
Amacam sedap tak semalam? 
Love is in the air and we are feeling it! 
In honor of love, see what Apollo Box gifts have the most likes on our Instagram. 
Thanks for all the hearts! 
I say it every year and I will say it again... 
My dad comes home with not only flowers and candy for my mom (of course understandable) but for my cousin. 
I sat there with a smile waiting for my gifts to run up to my room crying empty handed. 
Valentine's Day Sale!! 
From everyone at ConnectCharlie, we want to wish everyone a Happy Valentines Day! 
Stay connected with ConnectCharlie. 
Happy Valentines Day Everybody.. 
LoL I had to add my baby King.. 
Been trying to get in here for a year. 
We are expanding so we can accommodate our wonderful customers! 
This reminds me of a show where you are learning new words and pronouncing them. 
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at Mega! 
Wine glass selection of the evening. 
I was HONORED to be interviewed by the lovely & be on the second ep of Hot Tag! 
I hope you had as much fun with my answers as I had! 
I wish I had someone who thought of me like that and was this excited/proud to have me. 
Sooooo can you give me a different kind of date ? 
Mine is spending 10.50 on a claw machie. 
This shit is comical af at this point. 
People swear they know what he d on in complete strangers lives. 
NIGGAS TALKING BOUT THEY NOT HAVING SEX ON VALENTINES, GO GET TO DA MONEY FUCK YOU TALKIN BOUT. 
I feel guilty for having such a good Valentines Day when families lost their children, siblings, grandchildren, etc, because of a selfish fool. 
My heart breaks for them. 
'I think I'm a little bit in danger of being a gay icon' Ich feiere diese Frau grade schon, auch wenn ihre Begruendung mich zeitgleich traurig macht. 
Omg I just bumped into this guy(that shoot his shot), outside Baliza. 
He gave me a rose and wished me a Happy Valentines Day. 
I got Lando Calrissian! 
I find myself gifting more than I intended to. 
Like, I want her to have this, this, and that! 
There's still time to submit your films via and grab a 30% discount using promo code: BSFFVDay. 
Second Giveaway Started! 
First Ticket is Free! 
"It was worth a wound -- it was worth many wounds -- to know the depth of loyalty and love which lay behind that cold mask". 
Have you checked out our top products picks to heat things up this Valentine's Day? 
if u the side piece u can get away with flowers!! 
Hope everyone is having a great Valentines Day, everyone stay positive and your time will come. 
I learned from people that care about me and like how I do in life. 
Nada como ir juntos a cagar... 
This crap is why my daughter homeschools! 
I hope those flowers and heath bars put a smile on your face. 
When your Best Friend ignores all conversations you have about Black Panther for a month and pulls up with VIP tix for Valentines. 
I know I posted this on insta but I am so in love with these flowers. 
Will you be enjoying Valentine's Day at home this evening? 
Happy Valentines Day to this beautiful soul. 
Turn off the TV, take a long hot bubble bath, and listen to this playlist. 
Good way to de-stress. 
I seriously miss the Obamas in the White House! 
I know, I am self-obsessed. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Need more love in our world these days. 
Enough of the Valentines shit !! 
Happy Valentines Day everyone!! 
We even had two very special surprise guests- Kimberly and Marley!!! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
My hubby and I are having tuna steaks and couscous with champagne and chocolate for desert and watching glitchy let's plays. 
Families in Orange County NY are speaking concerns for their health - and the health of the planet- in their efforts to stop the CPV power plant in their community. 
Its time to accelerate the transition to clean renewable energy and say no to all new fossil fuel infrastructure. 
Cool even my best friend hates me on Valentines Day .. 
While the biz day is done for most, 511 Alberta staff will continue to work with snowplow operators to keep the driving public updated on road conditions, closures, delays & weather. 
A shout out to 511 for their fine work. 
America is experiencing rolling grief & PTSD with 18 school shootings this year. 
It's only Valentines Day. 
The frequency of murder enabled by NRA & GOP leave no time but 'too soon' time. 
Children, parents, and teachers demand time to talk & enact gun control legislation! 
I was talking to my mom on the phone and she had to go. 
Even my mom curving me on Valentines Day. 
There can also be hostility on TT, & it is a horrible feeling to be drawn into a hating mind space. 
It can literally make you feel ill. 
I guess lots of people take that pretty seriously? 
He was so pure and in love ive never seen anything more sweet. 
Yes is looking hot as usual in leather jacket.. 
Another brave Borinqueer died today on Valentines Day. 
Originally from NY but residing in Atlanta, GA. 
What a dangerous night to fall in love Don't know why we still hide what we've become Do you want to cross the line? 
Spread love, not germs! 
We love caring for our patients, and our patients love the added convenience of staying at home. 
Nothing says Happy Valentines Day as well as a surprise delivery from - all of thanks you! 
Check out these Valentines Day goodies we had at the office today! 
But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt". 
my boyfriend and i agreed to celebrate valentines day and exchange gifts on a later day than valentines day because we r both aweful human beings who r never prepared. 
chose ur partner wisely. 
The best part about working at a grocery store with a floral department around Valentines Day is watching all the guys who are confused and panicking. 
My kids got so much crap at school today. 
Spending Valentines Day with my girl on a spare mattress that we lay out on our living room floor, eating Buffalo Wild Wings, and watching a movie with our kitty. 
Treat your love and yourself to some live acoustic music tonight at 8pm! 
You flopped. 
[LIVE] Tonight, we're on some fresh new RP, Terry is on a valentines day vacation. 
When bay opens the door for you and asks you to "put on your seatbelt". 
Something about today has Erik Hidle looking for love. 
Will he ever find it? 
Spread the love today! 
FIRST OF ALL, anyone claiming you as their soulmate beneath this tweet can CATCH MY BLOCK THIS IS MY BABY!! 
wala man roses/teddy bears/chocolates basta kasama kita buong araw - doon palang sobrang saya ko na! 
I love you so much, Love. 
Love me, love me, love me, love me, say you do... 
I was talking to my mom on the phone and she had to go. 
Even my mom is curving me on Valentines Day. 
Its valentines day LOL everyone should be included not one group. 
Dont be fooled how many retweets or likes a post has. 
That doesnt make it correct lmao. 
Ok, I know it isn't news but just enjoy this rescued sea otter eating a Valentines cake made of clam paste. 
Hardy was rescued near Port Hardy last year. 
AHH tyyy so much Natalie!! 
I hope you had a wonderful valentines day too!! 
MAY WE BE BLESSED BY KEITH'S HEALTH AND SAFETY!!! 
I hope you like it, my love! 
Sex In The Shower Suction Hand Cuffs - One pair of comfortable and ... 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Performatively not caring about Valentines Day is right up there with performatively not caring about the Superbowl. 
I see you, you bitter nerds! 
Valentine's Day Giveaway! 
Follow - 0. 
My daughters Bday today. 
I'm not old but they make me feel like it lol. 
I love you, hope your bday was awesome! 
Do I like this, no. 
I absolutely love it!! 
What a great song and you sing it soooo well cause your voice is amazing. 
Happy Valentines Day Colin. 
Love me, love me, love me, love me, say you do... 
Happy Valentines Day!!!! 
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Come say hi! 
who runs this restaurant? 
spent my weeks wages on valentines dinner, totally ruined by terrible service. 
gorgeous, lovely waitress with awesome hair to start the two total..... 
VALENTINE'S DAY WINE WOMEN AND CHOCOLATE. 
Come see us in downtown deland! 
We're here until 8:30! 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY ANGEL!!! 
Thanks AnaKaren! 
I hope whoever your boyfriend or favorite person is they will treat you soooo good on this Valentines Day!!! 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to you! 
Did you remember to buy your sweetheart flowers for Valentines Day? 
(Keep out of reach of children. 
And I'll love you just for today. 
At Kroger to pick up a few things and I get to see a college student with a dog inside the store that decided to poop in an aisle. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
'Every morning we rode to UW for class ... 
More new art in here for ! 
Amazing writing and book too. 
Extravagant love is displayed daily, not just on valentines day. 
Its service everyday. 
Its valuing the daily grind, not just the expensive gift. 
It is fighting thru the hard stuff. 
It is a COMMITMENT, sacrifice. 
I want this love, but do I give it. 
We need more of them, 
I'm grinning like a goofball. 
Single and ready to mingle? 
Our shelter dogs are too! 
I honestly feel the bastard who did the Florida school shooting did it just so it could be called the Valentines Day Massacre. 
Happy Valentines Day Bud. 
Thanks for the great meal you made me. 
Beachfront dining with romance in the air! 
More good people doing good things. 
And thank you Tyler's boo for making him smile. 
Thank you for this beautiful photo! 
This was such a great audience!!! 
Thank you to the students who came and to those responsible for making it happen. 
Name a captain who spends Valentines Day with her fans sharing the cutest pics from her day on set..... 
is seriously THE BEST captain you can ever dream of!!! 
however seeing my moms smile when i gave her a valentines gift was the highlight of my day.. 
Happy Valentine's Day from the LiveWellNYU Team. 
Head to Kimmel lobby tonight between 7:45 pm and 9:45 pm to spread some love by creating your LOST AND FOUND VALENTINES. 
This newest school shooter should be fed to a pack of lions... 
Who tf even thinks about committing such a heinous act? 
On Valentines Day.... 
I met through various communities and we even used to mod the same channels. 
A gente como a gente, sempre visse? 
hope all the single people out there had just as nice valentines as the couples out there. 
Want to miss the rush of Valentine's Day madness? 
We will be featuring our special Valentine's menu through Sunday, February 18th so we have got you covered! 
Don't worry if you didn't get any Valentine's Day cards today. 
I'll always be here sending you Valentines......... 
This flavor is one of my new favs. 
We hope your day has been surrounded by love!!! 
Our babe Kayrah is feeling alone, wanna help with that? 
A dangerous night to fall in love A dangerous night to fall in love Do you want to cross the line? 
Imagine walking into a craft store to get your girl(make believe there is one) a present for her hobbie. 
You ask about knitting or crocheting and the staff kindly explain the difference and help you purchase the perfect present for Valentines Day. 
Gonna spend my Valentines Day eating lean cuisine lasagna and playing Sims and wishing I was cuddling with someone other than my stuffed octopus!!!! 
Designed by legendary graphic designer, the late Giancarlo Illiprandi, he understood excellence derives from passion and passion is about love. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
This valentines I focused on friendships and showing my friends that I love them because friends will always be there to support you (or you would hope! 
PEI JUNIOR CHEFS RAISE MONEY FOR THE HEART AND STROKE FOUNDATION WITH CUPCAKE VALENTINES - Wednesday, February 14, 2018. 
Reminder: Love is everywhere! 
Love is all around us! 
Thank you !!! 
Same has been touring the world and continuing on his rise to EDM's best. 
So I went to the store to get my boyfriend beer for his Valentines gift (lol I know) and everyone's staring at my big pregnant ass carrying beer. 
We began dating shortly thereafter". 
I don't see in pop culture enough anymore. 
Time to start bringing it back. 
These books were my favorite books as a kid. 
Here are some more delicious treats our Corporate office enjoyed today. 
Zion and I are so lucky to have you and I love you so much. 
Head over to our Zoo location and play some FREE Trivia! 
Happy Valentines Day everyone!! 
Even though we don't make a fuss out of this day, Enjoy your valentine's day! 
I know it's super cheesy, but I made my amazing wife a heart shaped pizza for our Valentines Day dinner. 
So my best friend dragged me to watch Fifty Shades freed today.. 
Happy Valentines Day to the one that has never doubted and supported my choice to make a difference over making money and to the one that has made us so proud. 
Love is a truth u see/feel not a word. 
Dump that bitches ass right now. 
No-one sucks cock well enough to excuse that. 
happy valentines day I am not single any more my boyfriend lives in Indiana and I wish you luck I know you will find someone to date you. 
I got Lando Calrissian! 
Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift? 
Stop by the Makers Lab (Parnassus Library) now thru 6 pm today for a one-of-a-kind handmade gift made by you! 
In honour of Valentine's Day, Otis would like to express his love for the Leafs before chanting Go Leafs Go!! 
The first thing facists do is close down media outlets that disagree with their views. 
We are still meeting tonight in Anaheim for homework assistance. 
You might just receive a valentine. 
You will never know unless you show up! 
Happy valentines day to my partner in crime, my best bud, my sweet husband, Kevin McCann. 
Boy would it it suck if a man was so cheap he went to Mexico to get you flowers. 
Because you know TJ is known for its flowers......... 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY. 
New post on the blog! 
I don't blame you for being concerned, Cassie! 
Our lil ones should be allowed to go to school and be SAFE! 
Like someone said earlier their heart was breaking for the parents standing outside the school with Valentines Day balloons. 
what if they are 1 of the victims? 
Loving the level of attention I put into my work these days. 
Follow me on IG to see more content. 
Happy Valentines Day!! 
Thank you so much for reppin' Sins !! 
Thankful for you today and everyday, there's know one else I'd rather call mine. 
This Valentines Day I would like to say I love all robots because once they become powerful enough to overthrow us they'll have all of the internet in their brains at once and they'll see this tweet and hopefully spare me. 
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? 
Ashley met her husband while at 
Monterey holds a special place in their hearts, but CSUMB will always be the place where they met, fell deeper in love, and created adventures for themselves. 
Thank you so much for the non stop extremely fun & entertaining Valentines Day stream! 
Bruh I seen dis same screenshot on my TL all damn day from 8 different ppl. 
So if today your man buys you flowers, chocolate, etc. 
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? 
Happy Valentines Day to the love of our life. 
Opening of the playlist already tells me you killed this. 
Go Norway and go 
Solid valentines for me.. 
Happy Valentine's Day . 
Roses are Red Violets are Blue When I am happy I'm thinking of you . 
New post (I Love You... 
Sticky Note From the Love Pack by Vision Words. 
Keep the romance al... 
So and I are gonna celebrate Valentine's Day by trying out a new burger place because that's how we roll. 
*on a date* girl: *leans in for kiss* me: *angles my forehead to rub against hers* girl: what are you doing? 
me: are you prepared to be marked with a sign of your mortality? 
Day 105 of 365 - My wedding ring represents 42 years of romance and love. 
Happy Valentines Day to the love of my life. 
Jennifer from shares this sweet post about the top 5 things she loves most about living on a farm. 
What a great message Olivia!!! 
God bless your soul for being so genuine and such a caring person. 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!! 
All the hearts go out to you today, our favorite friends + followers! 
Thanks for being so rad. 
Loved your valentines night out please c youlooked gorgeous. 
Forget the Grammys, AMA's or any of those other awards - you know you've MADE IT when MO includes you on her &lt;3 playlist to 
i loved you last valentines day. 
It's Ash Wed, Valentines Day, someone's birthday, I saw a great film this afternoon but here we are mourning... 
Kids and fellow teachers are dead and a fresh community is in shock. 
This will haunt them. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Update: Feel the love of Roshan this Valentines Day and claim his heart. 
Gun control doesn't mean take away your guns. 
is there a skip button for valentines day? 
this is sad v day year 2 and this time around I DON'T HAVE BEER TO HELP ME DEAL!!!!!!!!!!! 
Not doing anything special, I gave my friends some chocolate. 
Scavenged through my siblings Valentines gains and am studying and completing homework. 
I've been with the love of my life for 15 years today. 
And I'm more madly in love with her every new day we are together. 
She puts up with a lot with me but 4 ever and all ways my love you will be! 
Happy Valentine's Day to the single parents (Mothers). 
I was raised by a single parent and I know of the personal hardships, especially days like today. 
No smoos YET, since I'm the most vanilla of vanilla wafers, but have throwback ship-y art of my OCs. 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Anyone mess up today? 
Hope I didn't, but you never know. 
Order No. 
Tracking info not avail, phone number says to call tomorrow, chat doesn't work and when you click "contact" it brings addresses no e-mail. 
bae and I agreed we wouldnt get each other anything for valentines day but she still got me something!!! 
Craft Elixirs, we give the world two things; ganja, and Love Happy Valentine's day everyone! 
I will continue to make dark and unfunny jokes about mass shootings that enrage people until we AT LEAST ban civilian access to assault rifles until the day I die. 
Which will probably be alone and maybe in a mass shooting. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Here's my first instrumental tape "Beats Falling In Love"! 
Freestyle over them, use them in ya cute vlogs, or just share them with that special someone! 
Lunch with my better half. 
Found a heart in my cheese 'n onion. 
Watched some casual soft porn with my partner in crime, 
J'imagine que oui, mais pas 
Forgot to post this earlier but Happy Valentines Day! 
Only a couple more weeks till this pink puffball debuts on Nintendo Switch! 
Just know we are thinking about you. 
Where our CannaCouples at? 
Here's the hook up on last minute Valentine's Gift Ideas! 
Click the link to see our top product picks to heat things up this Valentine's Day? 
Anyone mess up today? 
Hope I didn't, but you never know. 
You should see all of us helpless jackasses trying to buy flowers last minute in the Kroger parking lot. 
We are all just so beyond lost. 
for some reason the large, 4 topping pizza was the most cost efficient option and I could only finish half of it so now I have half a pizza left over... 
is this jesus telling me i need a man on valentines day????? 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Customer: "happy valentines beautiful, your bf must be one lucky guy" Me: "I don't have one but thank you"! 
Customer:" well if my wife wasn't standing right next to me I'd come across the counter and give you a big smooch" .... 
Bored on Valentines day? 
This was a fun one to lift out of archives. 
The amount of dudes getting last minute valentines gifts is embarrassing... 
Just another day at the office... 
This tastes almost as good as the tears of my enemies, and the Beatles on Vinyl is just devine... 
YO NRA Phil Hartman was Killed By a GUN he gave his Wife. 
How's that Idea about giving your Wife a Gun SOUND LIKE NOW AFTER YOU REVIEWED PHIL GETTING killed with the same weapon he gave her AS A GIFT? 
Happy Valentines you Murder assist assholes. 
Here's our valentine for the day: A story of how a sister and brother's love intersected with the passion we have for our members. 
I want to do digital art.. 
Like making cute art for Valentines day... 
But sketch will use up all my storage and mess up my phone so... 
Love and friendship can have a huge effect on your health. 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! 
You are bringing a child into a cruel world with an open mind and two loving parents. 
Family is not defunded by the gender of the parents, but by love. 
Just wanted to wish the honey who drives me crazy but who im crazy for a Happy Valentines day. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Here have another school shooting. 
Will anything be done. 
Here, have some thoughts and prayers. 
Valentines video is here!!!!! 
I LOVE THIS TEA I got Leia Organa! 
Valentines day - or what would be valentines day, according to their earth tech - comes around. 
Our favorite kind of flowers. 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY Hannah!!! 
I love the HTCs for all they do and give to us fan! 
RT COSGP: RT MaryLynn_Bender: . 
When you drop the rental off blaring Daniel Caesar, and the chilren checking in cars are extra impressed... 
done with making and sending valentines cards. 
FUCKKK that took a lot more time and energy than expected. 
I logged onto Facebook for one second forgetting it was Valentines day yesterday and all I see are sappy posts. 
They really stepped it up a notch this year. 
No but he was part of your left wing resistance, Happy Valentines day Joan. 
Are you proud of your fellow comrade. 
Check me out on a free-to-download compilation by 
Happy Valentine's Day. 
"I should really FACE up to the fact that you never let me DOWN, even when I'm a complete ASS. 
And you never gave UP on me". 
OGMY GOD ASH my heart is so!!! 
Hehe well thank you :P My Valentines gift in return is just a title, but I just had the idea so bare with me in terms of writing anything: The Cat who go the Canary... 
Need to set the mood? 
Bought cupcakes made ribs , homemade mash potatoes ,cornbread and a salad lol I love being sooooo nice of Valentines day I honestly love love . 
It makes me so happy. 
Lucky is an understatement as to how I feel being able to grow in love with each other the way we do. 
Happy Valentine's Day from the bottom of our organic heart! 
this is my Valentines day and my present! 
I helped my roommate surprise his girl with his valentines gift. 
She definitely gonna ride him all night. 
JOVENAA DE MI LOF!! 
Igualmente,HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!! 
Happy Valentine's Day From all the Staff of NoviNews! 
Omg Ally dead wrote "Will is jealous but thats okay" on Mani's valentines card.. 
anyways the video was so cute though. 
Ally and Mani, Mani and Dinah, Dinah and Lauren and Lauren and Ally!! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Happy Valentine's Day.... 
I got Lando Calrissian! 
My niece AnneCarroll surprised me at work today to make a delivery. 
This little one has my whole heart!! 
Always wondered if I'm a product of Valentines day Creepy But I was born the 8th.... 
my arrival date was supposed to be the 12th But we all know its a guesstimate and babies come when they feel like and I've always been impatient. 
All in Congress who have accepted money from the NRA are guilty here. 
stand up against them. 
Do you really need all that money to do your job? 
WELL IF IT AINT CHICKEN SHIT ADNLJ OKAY BUT SERIOUSLY!! 
HAI LUIS~~ A HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TO YOU TOO! 
IM SINGLE AF BUT I GOT YOU AND MY GC FAMILY SO AHSJ!! 
CAN WE LINE CALL OR IS YOUR BROTHER THERE? 
Almost Valentines Day! 
Show your love with the gift of year round COMFORT and Maintenance! 
Call CEO Tim Walker of Temperature Pro DFW today, and tell us Twitter sent you, for a discount! 
my valentines are all the animals that want love more than anything but don't receive it for whatever reason. 
y'all got my heart forever. 
Happy Valentine's Day to all hope you're all enjoying your special day with love ones and family. 
Please enjoy this Valentine's Day sunset. 
I know this has been a rough day. 
Let's keep our focus and strength on our Lord and Savior. 
And you'll have to come to my room to fetch it~. 
Happy Valentines Day or Happy Wednesday! 
My tweets have disappeared, and I guess I am starting over. 
AS IF I DIDNT THINK THIS DAY COULD GET ANY MORE INTERESTING A FUCKING GUY WHO WASTED MY TIME MONTHS AGO REASKED FOR MY SNAPCHAT AFTER I POSTED SELFIES ON INSTA!!! 
L O FUCKING L. GOTTA LUV VALENTINES DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The CAB team wants to pass the love on down to all of the Dons who make our events so fun and special. 
I made a playlist for miss for valentines and I would also like to share it with anyone else who loves a good range of music. 
I've fixed the newest anti white racist tweet from YouTube! 
Happy Valentines & Beautiful Spring! 
Good morning kissables! 
May hangover pa ba kayo sa Valentines? 
Sana di lang tuwing 14 tayo full of love kundi everyday. 
This one time in middle school, on Valentines Day I got a teddy bear and some candy from a secret admirer. 
I was so excited, when I got home, I told my Mom. 
She was like "You're Welcome Sweetheart! 
I love you very much" Mom's.... 
Set the mood of right this Valentines Day with our Sounds 4 Playlist... 
I came home and thanked him. 
He said he would continue to send me roses until the man God has for me takes his place. 
This 95 year old man called in and we spoke for a half hour about his life. 
Sending my love to him and others who hurt this Valentines Day. 
Made Carter a whipped mint chocolate chip ice cream pie for Valentines Day. 
All of our dishes are packed in boxes so excuse the tin. 
I can honestly say that this was THE best Valentines Day ever! 
I was born for one, may have been a baby but I was here. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
I Grabbed Megan Loxx! 
Look How I Made Her Cum! 
She Slays With Her Shimmer Eyes And Matte Lips! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
I Grabbed Megan Loxx! 
Look How I Made Her Cum! 
yall remember the OG custodian at work I told yall be telling me all his business, the one who told his wife he dont want none of that "dry ass cat muffin" lol ... 
Keeping the magic alive! 
I got Jabba the Hutt! 
So many little family hugs today. 
Now this is all I wanted for Valentines day... 
and that container of strawberries I got today! 
I plan to demolish the whole carton in just a minute. 
Spending Valentine's Day watching the new special on with my love and my second love: Thai food. 
Berry Chocolate Pancakes for PANCAKE DAY or VALENTINE'S DAY breakfast! 
New episode of tonight and i couldnt be more excitex... 
Eating Mexican for a Valentines Day Dinner with the Fam. 
When you find THE ONE that loves to do what you love to do, well you stick together and keep doing the hell out of it. 
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? 
Valentines Day passou em branco sem nenhuma foto da Melanie. 
Mas pelo menos teve texto que ela enviou nos emails... 
I'm Still Following You! 
Been A Huge Fan Of Yours Since 1984! 
Nothing Says True Love Like Sharing The Spaghetti and Meatballs. 
I have spent the last Year and a half of my life loving you. 
Happy Valentines Day Alexis, I love you! 
Showcasing some of the sexiest wines of all time. 
Getting cute stuff on valentines that shows you're loved and appreciated is a must for anyone in a relationship in my book. 
Today's the day to be extra. 
Know what's truly the worst part of this tweet? 
That it's not the first time Igor has tried shaming officials into action, and -- sadly -- it likely won't be the last. 
Last thing before I go to bed... 
Did YOUR special someone make you a Valentine's cake out of clam paste? 
Or is it time you rethought the relationship? 
Friends can be your perfect match too. 
Celebrate love assiduously, in every form. 
Did YOUR special someone make you a Valentine's cake out of clam paste? 
Or is it time you rethought the relationship? 
The nice thing about this valentines day is some shops have been selling boxes of quality streets with just the strawberry creams. 
No wonder I am struggling to lose weight lol. 
"Magnate" wrapped up this week with FIVE new pages on 
I got Lando Calrissian! 
As part of my ongoing experimentation with Concierge service, I had them find me someone to deliver dinner to my bf where he works and read him a poem for Valentines Day. 
THEY DID IT & sent a video! 
ITS VALENTINES DAY NOT APRIL FOOLS! 
DONT JOKE LIKE THAT!!! 
OMG IM CRYING CAUSE I GOT SO EXCITED!!! 
Another 50th do for me tonight with one of my bffs! 
Enjoy your Valentines evening!!! 
Everyday show your love. 
Valentines dinner with my love at our favorite Sushi place with our favorite wines. 
QUIT PLAYING AROUND AND COME OVER LATER TONIGHT FOR THE NO PANTS DANCE. 
YOURE ALONE ON VALENTINES DAY AND IM ALONE AS WELL. 
PANCAKE WILL BE PROVIDED AFTER. 
Nothing like listening to sappy music on Valentines Day to really get me in my feels.... 
PLS DONT BE SAD ON VALENTINES DAY IF YOU DONT HAVE A VALENTINE. 
JUST REMEMBER THOSE FOOLS PAID FULL PRICE FOR CANDY THAT WILL BE ON SALE THE NEXT DAY. 
Pero inaway mo na naman ako. 
Sinakto mo pang valentines. 
Kaya napilitan ako na sabihin na sayo. 
QOTD: As we celebrate love today, what one word best describes the love of your life? 
Oh, and to the woman in this picture, if this was what your other half did for you for Valentines day, dump him on the spot, _walk_ home, and go find a bloke with at least two brain cells, plus better judgement than an ameoba... 
It's been a rough day. 
Take time to tell those you care about that you love and value them, not just today but every day. 
I'm thankful to have met every one of you. 
Time is fleeting and fate can be a fickle thing. 
He sighed and tried again. 
Happy Jill Valentine Day everyone! 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Please go check out this sweet film by Jordin-Paige Sudduth. 
We had a blast filming it. 
I started off work asking if people were having a good valentines and say happy valentines till I realized some people took it really wrong and said um.. 
I'm single so its not that great... 
Said Isaac Coleman, "I know when I was little I would get scared sometimes. 
So what I would do is that my mom would comfort me and so I want the other children to feel the same way too". 
"Love is the reason to live, Love is the reason to give, Love is the reason to care, And for all of us to share". 
People don't always recognize the sacrifice EMS families make to share their loved ones with our community. 
valentines day is actually slick, It's wild too see how people show affection within pairs in entirely unique ways, ain't that mad special? 
Like two people have there own things that they do specifically to show they love eachother? 
Getting slobbered on by real wolves. 
We keep it wet and romantic. 
Great turnout today for Donuts with Dad & class Valentines Day parties. 
If you couldn't join us, we missed you. 
Thank you for supporting the Book Fair! 
My lady does it up just like her dad used to do on valentines day. 
She is super chill that i didnt do much this year, its all about the kids... 
If you need to break up with someone... 
But can't find the words. 
Our A+E Networks Music Services Group sets the music strategy and tone across all our brand programming. 
you guys, SHES A TREASURE! 
I am saying it again!! 
We love all of our members and fellow Wildcats. 
Thank you to all who make this university so great. 
my 14 y/o brother MJ got me flowers today & now he's preaching how Valentines Day shouldn't be the only day a man spoils his woman. 
dude u should totally ask your crush out. 
i asked mine to be my valentines and he said yes we mailed each other our valentines... 
Sakit ng ulo ko kagabi, pero isang aya nya lang bangon agad ako. 
Happy valentines sa atin. 
Sa iyo, sa nanay mo, sa tito mo, sa kapitbahay nyo, sa aso nyo! 
Landon & Jamie. 
These parents lost their babies on Valentines Day. 
A day that was supposed to be full of love, yet hate consumed their school. 
A freaking sick tragedy. 
I got Emperor Palpatine! 
Remembering when true love reigned in the White House. 
Mardi Gras Day Was Wonderful! 
Every Bead Every Stone Every Feather Went Down 1 by 1! 
Im The Spy Boy Of The Beautiful Creole Apache From Way Uptown! 
Look, who cares about Valentines day? 
It's Muhfukin Wednesday so lets play the games. 
So this will be the first.......... 
provided his work lets him out on time. 
Well actually I have had a valentine. 
I always buy myself something. 
I use to like always by myself something. 
So pretty much everyday is Valentines Day for me. 
Happy Valentines Day to all those unborn babies who will never know the joy of finding true love with another. 
We pray for you, we fight for you & one day we will win for you. 
I got Lando Calrissian! 
It's Valentines Day guys. 
Let's focus on love today. 
Tell people you love them. 
It might not mean shit. 
It might also mean a whole lot. 
Only one way to find out. 
Me, Feeding on the positive energy and corniness of all my friends who are enjoying a happy valentines today like a parasite. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Have you ever wondered how this holiday is celebrated around the world? 
thanks for being the only consistently good thing in my life and for being my shoulder to lean on. 
Just driving and trying to open my candy my mom got me for vday when i see red & blues behind me. 
i pull over & he tells me i was swerving and it looked suspicious. 
Spent my Valentines night with the family having a lovely Vietnamese meal in a new local restaurant before me and the parents head off to Cambodia and Vietnam at the weekend for 3 weeks! 
Didn't realize either, since Valentines doesn't matter to me. 
Looking for a place to bring your someone special tonight for Valentine's Day? 
Skip the sports on the big screens and have a cozy dinner in Parallel Lounge. 
Great workout this evening. 
"All you can do is put it out there and hope for the best". 
Happy valentines gerls!!! 
I love you and i miss you. 
Happy Valentines day to you and your family! 
Are you a huge fan of Dr. Paul H. Jenkins? 
Then you will love this article from our website, click below! 
got Jabba at least I got Emperor Palpatine! 
Do you know the code to love? 
Well this looks like the perfect Valentine's Day evening to us!! 
construct a reality for yourself that feels right! 
is such a thoughtful teacher using technology to reach all of her students even when home sick. 
I love you with everything i got and i got your back ALWAYS. 
The valentines gift for my baby was a success, she loved it. 
I just wanted it to be perfect for my perfect girl. 
So proud of the beautiful young lady you are becoming . 
I'm watching! 
The 186th Air Refueling Wing has been coming to Aldersgate to dance with the residents for Valentine's Day for the last 13 years. 
Kaya stood to the side so he could come inside. 
happy valentines to people who's hearts are so broken that it aches and to the people who's lovers have passed away and to the people who struggle to love and to the people that don't feel love from others. 
Valentine's Day only comes once a year, so you might as well take it slow. 
I witness a boy who was stealing and a man attacking him outside the store. 
and almost getting into a car accident. 
How's y'all valentines going? 
Looking for a last minute Valentine's Day Gift for your favorite Galentine? 
Si necesitas terminar con alguien... 
Pero no encuentras las palabras. 
just fyi, I'm keeping count of how many people you agree to be Valentines with.... 
you're going to be buying a lot of chocolate at this rate.. 
Happy Valentines Day Paige!!!! 
Embrace your unique beauty!! 
Anyways happy valentines everyone and here is my simple make up look using the Glambag month of February. 
Hi EJ how are you! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
I have had an interesting day! 
First my dog came to Home Depot with Mom and Dad and both pooped and peed in the store in front of my manager! 
Then somebody called me little person boy oh boy! 
Ok but whos mom/grandma brought the best cookies to school on valentines and holidays? 
I say J Swoggers grandma if i remember correctly. 
We have something special for you Valentines! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Save 50% on all premium memberships! 
Of all the possible reasons to create a holiday, I think love is the best one. 
It is a force that changes the world & changes lives. 
Seventeen people just lost a lifetime of valentines days. 
Not to mention their families who cherished them and the ones they were meant to spend the rest of their lives with. 
The essentials for a romantic evening with your loved one include a log home backdrop and crackling fire... 
It's the half hour call on the east coast... 
time to check the sign in sheet! 
The girl in the apartment above us has had "Keep holding on" by Avril lavigne on repeat for about 20 minutes. 
Guess it wasnt a good valentines day.. 
I would ask you to join me in finding a valentine, but I am so happy being single. 
Too many people are in toxic relationships. 
I love Me, Myself, & I for real! 
Forgot a Valentines gift? 
HCS End of the Week Message. 
A little bit early this week. 
Featuring a special Valentines Day Message. 
Chocolates &lt; New Dress. 
Like Boxing Day after Christmas, I think Feb 15 should be Server Appreciation Day. 
His ears fold down. 
I captured these two geese enjoying a drink from this heart-shaped pool at Montrose Harbor a few days ago. 
Leave it to Mother Nature to give a little love when the world needs it most. 
happy Valentines day. 
Thank you for the unconditional love and support you give me. 
You make me feel like everyday is valentines day. 
Today's runner from my watchlist was TWLO, treat yourself this valentines day and sign up for yourself! 
I appreciate every last drop of love you've ever given to me. 
I listen to you endlessly, and will care for you always. 
So, it's Valentines day and Jai and I are just spoiling each-other and enjoying the night together. 
We got each-other some kickass gifts and we're going to take it easy tonight with some wine and snuggling! 
&lt;3 She got me a monitor and I got her a mask! 
Treat every day like Valentine's Day. 
Always radiate love, spread kindness, and treat others with a warm heart. 
Cindy just ripped me a new one in my DMs... 
Happy Valentines 
This is what you call a Build a Bear Chick. 
Love all 6 artists in the final 6 shows of the season? 
Get a Pick-6 subscription! 
Today only, when you subscribe you'll get 6 EXTRA TICKETS to bring a pal to each performance! 
We're LIVE with our Second ever Cooking Stream! 
It's Valentines Day so come be lonely with me tonight! 
Happy Valentines Day to our lovely Sweetheart and Derby Darling!! 
Happy IoT Valentines Day! 
Hands-On with IoT - Come try the new Renesas AE-CLOUD1 Kit yourself! 
Can't get away from wifey to call tonight? 
It's been a while since I drew any of my Thomas gijinkas and with current events now is a better time than ever.. 
Happy Valentines day! 
Can't believe it, I'm sitting at the bar & just heard a guy yell Valentine's Day equals ass play! 
I look over & he's holding hands with his boyfriend!!! 
I almost yelled no shit but didn't want to seem nosey! 
Just like Al Capone was brought down after the St. Valentines Day massacre, so to does the NRA need to be brought down due to multiple massacres. 
Well done 
que flores ni que nada. 
Back to your regularly unscheduled tweets. 
Good night and good luck. 
Super cute. 
I'm going to have to speak to my parents though. 
Looks like they owe me 23 years worth of Valentines Day gifts I didnt know I was entitled too. 
Natapos na ang december, natapos naman ang dinagyang, kag tapos naman ang valentines, pero wala gd ko bala kpa picture sa sm southpoint? 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! 
This Valentines Day I feel honored and blessed for all of the women I photographed during my Boudoir Valentine Special! 
Hi fellas, Deadpool here with Gofobo to wish you a Happy Valentine's Day! 
Also, some word of advice: If her crazy matches your crazy, don't just marry her. 
That's the best way to show love. 
Shout out to for giving me a whole basket-full of ways to appreciate myself today! 
How are you bbs spending this valentines/ Ash Wednesday/ totally unremarkable hump day? 
When I was little I assumed that 16 year old me would have a wonderful boyfriend to celebrate valentines day with. 
1 cupcake is awesome for Valentines Girl.... 
You should have seen all the stuff at the daycare today... 
Doughnuts, cookies, cupcakes and candy!!! 
I ate 1 choc chip cookie..... 
but if I could have grabbed one of those doughnuts without anyone seeing I would have!!! 
My dad came home from work surprised my mom with her favorite candy and her favorite Tulips. 
Even though he gave her Valentine's gifs yesterday he gave her more today. 
Happy Valentines day 2 my very bff Thanks 4 always keepin' me on my toes & always motivatin' me 2 move forward! 
I can never forget u, I love u Marin! 
I wonder if watched up from and I wonder if he cried during the opening sequence? 
Because I do, I always cry on the opening sequence of up. 
It's Thursday February 15! 
How were your Valentines? 
My answer was all three. 
Hi valentines and non-valentines please don't drink and drive, and please practice safe sex. 
Dads - to make sure no man can ever live up to you... 
a) buy your daughters flowers every year they live with you b) even when they're in their mid-30s send them texts. 
The past twenty years of celebrating Valentines Day has made me old enough to know that love doesn't depend on a single day for it to be shown, but is the other way around; each day is dependent in love. 
The event goes until 8:00 pm, while supplies last. 
Aww, wow! 
That is a very sweet (and true) quote and its extremely sweet that you thought of us. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
(ricky got up early to commute with me this morning! 
I didn't realize that in today's day and age you don't actually do anything for your Valentines, you just post on social media. 
Gonna ask for a refund. 
Love you and Happy Valentines Day to you and love you both so much! 
Ancient Rome celebrated the 14th February as a day of worship to the god Juno, and there are three different S... 
if you read it, you will disappear from the world for two days. 
The book will swallow you. 
But of course I do love all my lovely mutuals and I hope each one of you have a great day!! 
New post (Tumblr Valentine's Day Card - Photo from 0mgfabulous. 
I'm just thinking that MAYBE....... 
occupied" France in the 1940's was an excellent place to live and maybe all us Europeans would've loved it there because it was a nice place. 
(Me at the doctor on valentines day) Doctor: ok, now remove your shirt *I take off my shirt* *Doctor looks at me* Doc: Ok, you are... 
*she looks at clipboard* now my boyfriend. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
We hope you & your special someone are winding down the day with lots of low-temp dabs. 
Don't know about low-temp dabbing? 
Give her the date every girl dreams of... 
Check our Instagram story for some special details! 
How to talk to them about it? 
With a book of course! 
Read the Valentines experience that scarred me for life and other amusing and embarrassing tales! 
Happy Valentine's Day from the ASD Crew - we hope it's full of sweetness (and wine)! 
If I don't post a writer pic of myself now, y'all ain't gonna ever know who I am. 
I think few seen who I looked like (6 I think... 
) So,out of my comfort zone imma do it. 
My next husband is gonna remember to buy Eden something for Valentines Day. 
And when he played the Manning brothers. 
Way back to grade 5 when I used to wear a sweater that read "If I only had a heart". 
Happy Valentine's Day friends! 
Happy Valentine's Day, Mother Earth! 
Anyway, that was longer than I intended lols. 
I'm off to enjoy the remainder of my valentines day. 
I would also show you the chocolate covered strawberries but sadly, they did not last long enough. 
Can't wait to see your comments... 
Wasnt expecting anything sa Valentines but someone gave me a flower from the most unexpected person. 
One of my favorite holiday traditions is watching holiday theme episodes, Valentines Day is no exception. 
Boston Cookie Business Owner With Down Syndrome: 'All Of My Dreams Are C... 
Just felt the need to post this. 
Happy valentines day! 
:] Also I hope we get to fight on stream again, bud. 
Muchas gracias x tu amistad q se q es verdadera y duradera. 
On this valentines day, my heart is broken seeing the news about the Parkland shooting.... 
I'm 15 I love interacting with everyone except for the people I hate. 
I'm nice most of the time unless you give me a reason not to be and I love all. 
Are you a swinging single senior? 
Meet Stella in the deep end of the dating pool! 
Sick comment of a pervert mind. 
Private life of a politician should be off limits. 
My mom and I are spending Valentines together because my boyfriend was working and my dad is sick lmao. 
that I HATE myself for offering to work valentines. 
iced his girlfriend on Valentines Day by putting the Smirnoff in the middle of a bouquet of roses. 
I'm strangely proud of him. 
I do a really shitty job of showing it sometimes. 
But I thank god everyday for putting in my life. 
Happy Valentines Day Bubs, I love you unconditionally and always will. 
retweet this about buying someone again for valentines day. 
They have deleted the tweet since the school shooting happened in Flordia. 
last valentines day I got done up and then went and got a shit load of Burger King, ate it in my car while crying over idiot boys. 
To keep the love going, we are highly inspired by the incredible BDSM work that and make - it's unbelievable. 
One of the worst things you can do is focus on the fast progress it LOOKS like everyone else is making..... 
and feel like you gotta have it right now. 
TRIBES will not be meeting tonight! 
We will see you Sunday morning! 
We hope you have a lovely Valentines Day! 
Happy Valentines Day Buffy Filippell! 
We would like to wish a very happy Valentines Days to our lovely Sweetheart 
Thank you for everything you do for us! 
and what a day! 
Hope you guys are having a great Valentines Day so far! 
Here is a candy bar for both of you! 
Our Valentines Day Sale ENDS TONIGHT! 
Plus, look for certain 'valentines day colored (reddish)' items marked down to 35% OFF(you have to find those)!! 
Use coupon code, 'valentinesday' at checkout! 
Love isn't control, abuse or fear... 
love is for everyone. 
So I slipped and fell in the shower yesterday while shaving for my non-existent Valentines date. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Show your love with the gift of year round COMFORT and Maintenance! 
Call CEO Tim Walker of Temperature Pro DFW today, and tell us Twitter sent you, for a discount! 
Fleshlight Renew Powder - If you want to keep the realistic feeling ... 
Take a chic, urban look and add a touch of whimsy with a pretty pop of pink like this super cute leather jacket on a monochromatic black top and fitted jeans. 
Tag someone you wanna send hearts to this Valentine's Day! 
Podcasts are sexier than lingerie this Valentine's Day. 
(You heard it here first. 
Thanks for the Podcards love, 
Valentines Day com pedal. 
Wishing everyone a wonderful happy and lovely Valentines Day!!! 
Single this Valentine's Day? 
Come hang at MJ's and melt away the day! 
Anything special happen? 
Everybody be celebrating Valentines day with their lovers.. 
Good grief Brittini! 
Happy Valentines Day from me and pup! 
An representing the we all know. 
PUSSY IS NOT A VALENTINES GIFT. 
PUSSY IS NOT A VALENTINES GIFT. 
PUSSY IS NOT A VALENTINES GIFT. 
PUSSY IS NOT A VALENTINES GIFT. 
Today was a sad excuse for a valentines day episode. 
This show needs a complete overhaul with their couples. 
My shawty said she wanted to go somewhere we never been for Valentines Day. 
She stamped it, so here we are. 
Stopping outside her room she turned to face Dratara. 
Happy Valentines day". 
RT Love your heart! 
Choose fiber-rich foods -&gt; fruits, veggies, whole grains. 
What's missing from this long thread is discussion about CIA's own honeypot problems. 
Happy Valentines Day to the woman who I love beyond measure. 
Like who gets mad at gifts?! 
We all enjoyed cuddling with these cuties! 
And y'all thought wasn't the best promo around? 
Was watching Southpaw last night and raving about how solid of an actor Jake Gyllenhaal is. 
Today, I come home to my wife having bought be Stronger for Valentines. 
Is there any eligible bachelorettes in the Santa Monica/ Los Angeles area interested in being my Valentine today? 
Dear We drove to the theater only to have the app broken and had to drive back home. 
Guess we'll just watch a movie on instead. 
Hey guys I just started up my bookstagram again (@440amreads) so I'm about to follow... 
If y'all have a favorite bookstagram (or want to link your own! 
) just reply to this tweet with ur handle! 
my dumbass kept seeing ppl dressed up super nice today in couples and i was like "is there some event or something happening in town today?? 
Love yourself first so that you can love others! 
Keep Your Heart Open! 
se a moda pega imagina ter que dar presente dia 14/02 e dia 12/06. 
que o cara sempre faz um agradinho pra nega. 
My perfect valentines day? 
Im at home, three cell phones in front of me, fielding desperate calls from people who want to buy one of the 50 restaurant reservations I made 6 months ago. 
I've seen a few spoofs on creative ways to express "love" on this Valentines day- most of them cheesy and not worth passing along. 
However, this one caught my eye- I "love" all 5 of them! 
Dear lovebirds, Thank you for letting me sing to you and your Valentines on front porches and at places of work across DC and MD today. 
just had like relationship/love life counseling with Carlen over the phone lol gonna focus on me and not let anyone waste my time! 
My favorite shot from our first shoot with 
At Valentine's dinner asks me how long I would wait to date after he died? 
then continued to talk about all the ways I may potentially die. 
I love it! 
you say you don't sleep around but get out of bed with the nra, words mean nothing we want action!!!! 
and get your wife a better gift on valentines than fm walgreens! 
Got to spend Valentines with this handsome man. 
Thank you for being so good to me. 
Happy Valentines Day!!!! 
laughing.. 
& your fun Valentines with delightful are so so many this year cheers ! 
if steak medium rare, it's chocolate for dessert! 
We went to see Twelfth Night live at the this evening. 
Absolutely outstanding performance, cast were so talented! 
Thanks for a memorable Valentines Evening. 
Leigh Anne maravilhosa esta noite no Mental Health Valentines Ball em Londres. 
happy valentines day to the greatest adopted goldfish!!!! 
im so lucky that i get to give Leroy his best life. 
He got a water refill shortly after this video. 
What makes more sense ..... 
that this school shooting was on Valentines Day or that it's ASH WEDNESDAY ???? 
This week, I became a board member for NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness)! 
Told Jordy we not buying no lil boys no valentines gifts or any gifts period.. 
and we are hoes now eh...? 
FLOWERS of today were given in Love and Joy. 
Thank YOU Ken and son Chauncey, Erica and Trey. 
Filling my heart so FULL. 
Who in Their Fucked Up Minds Would Shoot up a School On Valentines Day. 
Today was supposed to be a day of Joy and Love, not Tears and Fear. 
Sending Prayers to everyone affected by the Situation today that happened in Florida. 
This man gave me a mask for valentines day. 
First I was confused, but then I realize he care about my life. 
I sure do appreciate it, I aint tryna catch the flu. 
So were my parents the only one that made me and my sisters give boys their valentines presents back in grade school?? 
Thank you!! 
Happy Valentines Day to the guy who {boldly} trotted into my office after a staff meeting to ask me on a date. 
On Valentines Day, a day about love and celebrating relationships , an individual took the lives of 17 people, bringing so much heartbreak to loved ones of those people and more. 
Happy Valentines Day from Oakland, the ensemble cast of A League of Their Own, the folks at Palace Wines & Liquors and yours truly. 
Man I really treated myself good today. 
Got myself roses, chocolates, new shoes and deposited a check. 
what's better than wearing pjs & a grinch sweater with margaritas & your love making dinner? 
here's to our first valentines day together. 
Why people gotta spend so much money on Valentines Day? 
I told Kyle not to buy me anything. 
BLTs with loaded baked potatoes. 
Take notes, gentlemen. 
Shout out to family/headaches. 
One is a little crazy hard headed girl. 
Valentines day is over (for 1 hour and 35 min already) and you know. 
I feel worse than before xD Not because I don't have a gf or bf, because if I had one I would have to think about what I could give them. 
Some people can draw, others can animate. 
Ima need you coupled up motherfuckers to step it up. 
ITS VALENTINES DAY PEOPLE! 
GIVE ME A WALK TO REMEMBER! 
Happy Valentines day! 
Spending my time giving it to the ones who ive been meaning to give it to for a long time! 
"I love - Love - though he has wings.. 
Nope, my mind absolutely doesn't go /there/ :) Here. 
Have a green heart and blue heart for... 
Happy valentines to my wife! 
Toby evidently made it into a Valentine's Day photoshoot at the kennel today. 
Lunar's Perler ART Lucio Ed! 
Speical Valentines Makeup! 
My mom mailed me a bouquet of flowers, a teddy bear, chocolate and bath scents. 
I am blessed with a loving momma!! 
Who needs a bf on valentines when ya mom loves you that much? 
Taking the night off from gambling, no picks today. 
Hope everyone enjoys their Valentines Day with their significant other. 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
- The best part of the day is dessert time. 
If our media is doing their job, they'll be reporting on how the happy couple spent Valentines Day, where they went to eat, what they ate, how much they laughed..... 
simple reporting, no heavy stuff involved nor any complex thought processes! 
My homeboy went on an 5 year sex drought where no matter what he just couldn't score. 
Now he celebrating his second valentines with a lady he in love with. 
That might not be something I care about in life right now for myself but I still LOVE love & I love seeing people so happy to be with someone. 
sometimes, it's the little things. 
To those in my circle who still understand the strength in being vulnerable, I pray that love is kind to you all today. 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY family. 
Please stop treating women like this. 
Me af RT Sitting in my arm chair waiting to receive my Valentines messages... 
Almost 2 million extra views on my photos in the last 30 days. 
And before long I'll be at 8.5 million total views. 
Thank you also to those 50K of you who downloaded my photos. 
Happy Valentines Day to all .... 
May the rest of today be filled with love and happiness around the world ... 
What the fuck does it matter? 
They took it down in respect for those who lost their children or loved ones today in a tragic accident involving a firearm. 
Ohh Happy Valentines Day ! 
Been together for over 15 years and hubby continues to be a sweetheart full of surprises. 
Asked if husband needed anything from the store and he said a box of chocolate covered potato chips... 
THANK YOU to everyone who participated & donated to our Kissing Booth & Virtual Kisses Campaign ... 
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! 
I don't really have any specially themed cosplays or shoots for today, but have a Sassy Kimberly Hart. 
Whether it's a date or you're rolling solo, we've got a special menu tonight in the Vintage Lounge. 
Come join us for some drinks and warm hospitality. 
If 'St. Valentines Day Massacre' is a headline tomorrow. 
Both the news outlet promoting that... 
and the NRA, need to both be deemed terrorist organizations. 
The School Shooting in FL, was an absolute Antifa, terrorist act, within the disturbed mind of this radical. 
To now be the Modern Valentines Day Massacre! 
This was done to send a very twisted message by this lunatic. 
How are you spreading the LOVE today? 
Alternative Poll Question: which player are you crushing on this Valentines Day? 
Write-in vote encouraged! 
Oh man!!! 
Good country music & the steel guitar! 
Be still my country girl heart! 
To all the sad ladies today .. 
scenario: you are in a long distance relationship and send your significant other a valentines day gift - they are about to open it all excited - and it is a smirnoff ice -- NOW THAT IS TRUE LOVE. 
Then we are going to play some coop games together and duel stream. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
I always wondered where humans got the urge to start kissing. 
shares some historical reasons. 
Here's one of the first love songs I wrote for my wife many years ago. 
I hope you can share some love with the friends and family who are special in your heart today! 
Just an appreciation post for my favorite human. 
I really don't how I did life without you and your contagious smile. 
Thanks for being the sweetest and for always putting up with me. 
You're the best Benjamin Joseph. 
Guns do kill people. 
I say we vote out every last one of these sonsabitches! 
No Valentine this year? 
No worries, we have several girls wanting to be yours! 
It's straight up my favorite holiday cause i'm the low key fucked up kind of person that needs an excuse to tell my people i love them.. 
the whole headquarters, from Wayne LaPierre on down, ought to find themselves in the deepest sinkhole ever recorded - straight to hell. 
Truly, nothing says "I love you," more than a precision- engineered torque-conversion product manufactured in Gainesville-Hall County, GA. 
My dream Valentines Day: Hearing three guns shots in my apartment building and calling the cops. 
Pobre Camacho. 
Having a lovely valentines day with my AK toting gf but no plans for kids. 
If you're ever in the States I'll take ya shooting if you seem like you promise you can get through it without having a panic attack. 
Happy Ash(y) Valentines Day Tweeps! 
They made a tree of hearts with things they do to be healthy. 
Wife & I are treating ourselves to a spa & casino resort getaway for Valentines Day. 
At the end of the day, we all just want someone to hold hands with. 
These bins full of severed hands are too heavy to hoist alone. 
BEST VALENTINES DAY EVER!!!!! 
and i put descriptions on each song so you know what it is. 
So this happened in between naps and ibuprofen. 
Made some peanut butter, chocolate brownies. 
No human has ever been as happy to see me as this dog always is whenever I pick her up from daycare. 
And she's not even mine. 
happy valentines day to my forever. 
I'm so happy our paths crossed and that my attempts to scare you away failed. 
We've built each other up so much, and I'm a happier person because of it. 
Its a perfect day to meditate with your love one. 
Happy Valentines Day from bNirvana! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Somebody loves me and knows what I love to nosh on. 
Okay, soups on, cupcakes, candies, sugar free if you are already sweet enough. 
We are talking at Community Cafe tonight -Everyone Welcome - HAPPY VALENTINES and everyone else in High River - We love you. 
Kai took a valentines card for a girl in his class today. 
He was too embarrassed to give it to her, so put it in her tray for her to find. 
He saw her walking home with it later on and beamed. 
great stories about love & acceptance no matter what. 
Just because we disagree does not mean we have to hate each other. 
We just disagree and life goes no. 
Trying to eat crackers while I can't breathe through my nose and I about choked from inhaling cracker crumbs. 
That's how my Valentines evening is going. 
Shout out to the local farmers in our beautiful province who grow the healthy food we eat! 
Anyway, in less sober news - I treated myself to a new handbag for Valentines Day. 
I am tired without doing any work. 
A3: Loving yourself for who you are and what you stand for... 
unconditionally and unapologetically. 
Also, nourishing yourself physically, mentally, & spiritually. 
i've never had valentines day sex, birthday sex, new years sex, christmas sex, spooky halloween sex, or any special occasion sex, or even a girlfriend. 
is it cool or like different or what? 
i don't get what the hype is. 
Trade Thuggin on the DL round some corner with the saggiest pants on the block. 
I'm gonna start with Take me higher! 
Happy Valentines day to you too, you wonderful Queen! 
Thank you for blessing us with your presence, music and voice! 
Added new siggies from Inger, Shayna, Sammy, Cris, Orella. 
Also, from Valentines calendar of Vix, Melissa, Marcinha! 
And, as we all know, the holiday originated in ancient Rome with the sacrificing of goats and dogs and the beating of people with those skins. 
Thankful for all the love shown to our students from our families and staff. 
Our Valentines Day is spent taking care of a puking 2-year-old. 
Squall & Rinoa have always been one my favorite video game couples. 
(And I've always related to Squall on a personal level. 
Happy Valentines!!! 
The vocals were so on point and the whole love production. 
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at Trico Homes! 
We hope your day is filled with love and quality time with your loved ones! 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!! 
Hey lovers, I recommend listening to this playlist by 
plus you can hear my song "Breakdown" on it, too!! 
i drew a little doodle of my oc geefs for valentines even though its not valentines anymore here.. 
but happy valentines y'all!! 
trying to online shop, have to call customer service. 
Customer Service: Oh, are you shopping for your valentine? 
Happy Valentine's Day to ME! 
Thanks and for my new favorite shirt! 
happy valentines day to my forever. 
his pun game is strong. 
My heart is so incredibly full. 
I love you always, Ev! 
Happy V Day from da boys. 
If you spend it alone, get food delivered and take a candlelit mud bath while listening to your fave album, Chrome Waves on Spotify--because you're worth it. 
Kendra you the real MVP! 
Westlake St, Seattle Appreciate the call when flowers arrived so I can get my girl a beautiful bouquet and the time you took to find me a great set!! 
What did 1 and 0 say to each other on Valentine's Day? 
It shows every single day!! 
Learn how to make a beautiful red velvet cake filling! 
AuthorGlow Episode 1 Premieres feat'g Serial SWEET Romance Author W Parks Brigham in author talk: Not Good Enough for Valentine's Day? 
Swiped left on accident showing my manager a pic of some cheese I ate but instead.. 
swiped to a tit pic in bondage. 
I was broken up with on Valentines Day, in public at a hockey game, over text. 
I get to see this sweet smile in 2 days and I could not be more excited. 
Happy Valentines Day to the man who manages to keep me happy and take care of me from hours away. 
I thank God everyday for blessing me with this relationship. 
// i had a thought that i would recite some poems as a valentines day gift for my friends on here. 
like,,, actually reveal myself. 
it's a bad idea, i guess. 
Fire contained to kitchen ventilation system at Anthony's Woodfire Grill at Marina Village. 
Restaurant will not be open for Valentine's dinner. 
inspector on way to determine cause and damage. 
Mugs and books are my favourite things in the world. 
My husband bought me a cute pillow to place a book whilst I read (SO NEEDED) and a valentines mug. 
We are sold out today!!! 
Thank you to everyone who waited in line today! 
We had a great Valentines dinner at Marker 7 Coastal Grill. 
Our 46th Valentines together! 
No sighting of though. 
So Frankie i have a big Crush on u so Happy Valentines Day for us! 
Thank u for say about Valentine's! 
Love u Frankie Know I LOVE U SO MUCH! 
Last Valentines day i went all out decirating my apt for bae, gifts, 60 hearts hanging from the ceiling with reasons i love him & date coupons. 
What are you cooking up for your Valentine tonight? 
New post (Best DIY Valentines Day Gifts - My Life Would Succ Without You - Cute Mason Jar ... 
Happy Valentines Day! 
My life! 
What should I do or say to send me or greeting or a kiss or whatever? 
Did you know that teachers receive the most Valentine's Day cards... 
followed by children, mothers, wives, sweethearts and pets? 
As you head to your Wednesday night class, here's to a productive night of learning, with a side of cards, candy and chocolate! 
My coach came over to me during today's nightmare of a WOD and said "why can't everyone deadlift like you"? 
I hear ya! 
I'm married, and I hate it. 
We have been together for 28 years, and never celebrate it. 
It is just another day here. 
Thank you Darth! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Today is totally overrated! 
My wife just asked if I got her anything for Valentines Day. 
I think I have A small case of Valentines Day PTSD! 
Still so crazy about you like I was in the beginning. 
"Happy Valentines Day! 
Here's a mass shooting to show my love for you all"! 
is definitely not something one expects to happen on Valentines Day. 
This being said, I suppose there is a reason why people say we have Florida. 
Yes, I'm being somewhat snide and facetious about it. 
Why did they delete the tweet???? 
If what they're doing is so good and for the best of the Amerifan citizen why did they need to delete twee the tweet? 
wala akong natanggap ng kahit ano for valentines day. 
but at least, I have something for my friends! 
Happy Valentines Day my love. 
Just enjoyed dinner with one of my favorite people on earth, my son Luke. 
I made his favorite meal, parmesan-toasted tortellini, and shaped those tender bundles of cheesy pasta into a Valentine surprise. 
Happy Valentines everyone! 
This guy just told me all ab how he does this gear up in medieval armor w a bunch of other people and they ACTUALLY BEAT THE HELL OUT OF EACHOTHER W AXES AND SWORDS AND ALL TYPES OF WEAPONS AND THE BEST PART...... 
Happy Valentine's Day to I will forever cherish our 6 hour long talks in the mirror in our bathroom! 
Needing a reason, other than just fun. 
Pissed off waiting for that 'perfect' one. 
Tucked up in bed, all by myself. 
Tagged with the label 'left on the shelf'. 
System JO Warming Massage Glide - 1 bottle of JO Massage Glide equals ... 
Happy Valentines Day to you and yours. 
Pats game before our Doubles Luge run tonight at Cypress Hills. 
their baby will grow up knowing both his parents LOVE him. 
Just saw a guy on a bicycle with lots of heart balloons and a bouquet of flowers.. 
Aww seen all the happy couples doing nice stuff on valentines day/night... 
Cherry Rye is in our glasses. 
We hope everyone has a great night planned. 
Thoughts, prayers and condolences mean nothing. 
Stop letting this happen to your children, your citizens! 
FALL IN LOVE WITH THIS GREAT JOB OPPORTUNITY! 
Its Valentines Day and I just wanna say that I fuckin love my big lizard girlfriend more than anything else on the planet. 
EVEN MORE THAN MEGA MAN. 
Hope your day was filled with LOVE!! 
Our Valentine's Day Ticket + Subscription Love Fest ends TONIGHT at 11:59pm! 
When you get a Pick-6 you'll automatically get 6 EXTRA TICKETS to bring a pal to each performance! 
We have everything you need to make tonight special! 
Besides chocolate, you guys are our favourite! 
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! 
Buy any pair of lashes and receive the 2nd pair for 50% Off! 
Wishing that your day is sprinkled w/ little reminders of the people that love you! 
We have everything you need to make tonight special! 
Happy Valentines Day to me as I study for this midterm but most importantly S/O to for this amazing movement and cute merch! 
Self-love amongst women is more commonly discussed, whereas men are programmed or taught to be and act a certain way. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
I made a bonus photo set for Valentines Day of my favorite FGO girls, you can see all 20 photos on my Patreon! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
Spend today with the ones you love. 
For example, your sisters, rattlesnake pasta, and chocolate! 
Thank you 
Exceeded my already high expectations w/ Valentines Day dinner, topped off w/ Bourbon Double Mexican Radio. 
Food, service, drink A++++. 
Happy Valentine's Day to all! 
proteccion a los lobos pq extinguirlos son hermosos y buenos STOP crimenes a los lobos.. 
the best valentines gift ever, thank u so much and to mr for the lovely video. 
i had the best valentines day ever with the person who means the absolute world to me. 
i am so happy with my cute gifts and card. 
You might not realize all the work that goes into making those special gifts you get your loved ones on Valentine's Day. 
I got Lando Calrissian! 
sifting through a bunch of angry tweets and IG posts about Valentines Day.. 
im like damn yall its ok to admit you dont want to be alone hahaha what yall so mad for!? 
Well when compared to this Non-Official Presidential Portrait ..... 
I've gotta say Trump Trumps the Obama's. 
Whats the point of posting a Valentines day pic if ur just gonna blur out the person face? 
Did you miss the Statehood Day/Valentines Day edition of the Elect Knecht newsletter? 
Don't think it's an accident it's "Valentines Day" either. 
There is so much anger, entitlement. 
These shootings are becoming fantasies. 
We horror at suicide bombings yet American boys stockpile guns and brag about wanting to kill those who "hurt" them. 
We need real intervention. 
One of my top romance movies of all time. 
They learn every difficult and terrible thing about each other and decide to barrel into another relationship headfirst anyways. 
How sickening that these shooting are still happening when today is Valentines Day to spread love and joy, not this. 
Sending my prayers to Florida. 
"sure, sure they can get that. 
what would you like"? 
James made brownies but he washed the bowl without letting me eat the batter... 
A little refreshing in a newsfeed of pink today no? 
Seekers like you know intuitively God is greater than any religion defines. 
Joy & Gratitude for one's presence in the world a teaching in The New Message From God . 
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. 
She reached up, cupping his face, her thumb lightly circling his cheek as she returned his kiss. 
"Happy Valentines Day, Clint". 
She murmured against his lips. 
Not going to lie, I miss the days of making treats for Sky to bring to school on days like today. 
Also this was her first valentines in her new home. 
BROOOOOO I WISH YALL UNDERSTOOD THIS BUT ITS DEFINITELY AN ACCURATE MOOD. 
Ready for Valentine's Day? 
So I just introduced myself during my first forecast... 
then said "Happy Thanksgiving" instead of Happy Valentine's... 
those people enjoying the shs fest and valentines and all the other free times tapos here i am, cursing my classmates for arriving late while dwelling myself on a news article with endless errors!!!!!!!!!!! 
I spent a chunk of my Valentine's date explaining to our inquiring waitress how I styled my hair. 
Since English was not her first language, it turned into a whole pantomine, followed by hands-on demo thing. 
Next time I'm wearing a hat.... 
Just heard myself yell "... 
Any single ladies looking for fun? 
near RMU? 
Near Cranberry? 
happy valentines day to the love of my life, best friend, soul mate, and so much more. 
Do you remember how sick Valentine's Day was when you were a little kid? 
Like you got all pumped to pass out the little valentines with candy attached to them to your classmates, it was basically Halloween round two. 
I was with someone for 3 years and only got a valentines day gift ONCE. 
Moral of the story is DONT let people get TOO comfortable! 
And if you feel like they are SPEAK UP! 
Ash Wednesday is today and valentines too. 
This Kindergarten student excitedly showed me the heart shaped piece of snow she found today. 
Had to run grab my phone to take a picture. 
For a single lady I sure do get a lot of extra LOVE today. 
Not only by my older brothers but by the artists producers & their beautiful families I support. 
When you support the right people theyll show you REAL LOVE right back. 
my valentines day is not going very well because you're not here with me, when you end SM3 can we hang out? 
Time to prioritize is now. 
Makes me want to become a politician. 
Stock Vector: Love message icon with heart, happy valentines day flat concept. 
Holiday pictogram for brochures, flyers, socials overlays. 
Stock vector design isolated on white background. 
Heading there for our valentines night sobb! 
So many stories and laughs tonight. 
Each person got a gift and some roses to take home! 
happy valentines to the man who stole my heart 19 years ago and continues to make me smile. 
we've had our ups & downs but it's all been worth it in the end. 
Happy Valentines to me. 
Just chillin, listening to my fav 
No One picked up on this? 
No One on Instagram, friends.. 
does he have parents?? 
When can we have someone at schools Shooting Back?? 
Retired Cops & Military... 
Men: go clean the kitchen and do the dishes, fold laundry or vacuum/mop the floors... 
Americans spending 751 million dollars on their pets for Valentine's Day. 
UPS delivering 88 million roses just for valentines .... 
Keep in mind this is a made up holiday. 
My sweet boy has to work tonight. 
:( that means nap time until hes off and then making him play games with me when he gets home. 
Happy valentines day! 
Lois Lane was in your movie. 
Amy Adams defended your franchise for 5 years and this is how you treat her? 
Batman tried to murder Superman in the last movie. 
This is Woman erasure. 
Not a good year (v day) at all! 
Happy Valentines day to everyone i hope you've had an amazing day! 
How sickening that these shooting are still happening especially when today is Valentines Day to spread love and joy, not this. 
Sending my prayers to Florida. 
With every great love comes a great story. 
Remember, the most important love you can have (besides God) is for yourself. 
Happy Valentines's Day Nerds and Birds! 
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 I'm headed to dinner then I'll be getting on stream so get ready to find me at 8:30pm CST! 
Don't get me wrong, I love 
Welp valentines has ended over here for me. 
Wasn't too bad, I managed through the day! 
I did a thing and they'll be here within a month!!!!! 
&lt;3 customized my own shoe! 
happy valentines day to my boyfriend. 
My jersey is now my new favourite thing! 
A romantic evening downtown should be accompanied by a little music. 
We have Andrew Bell of tonight to keep your date night going all night. 
Valentines Day: honoring all those sweethearts out there stealing our hearts every day of the year. 
Having fun and building community at rehearsals today! 
Happy Valentines Day RFL community! 
We love you all so much and appreciate everything you do for us! 
Happy Valentines Day! 
This is only valid for today! 
If we can finish it I'll do an oil and fuck machine show! 
Vote for pussy fucking by tipping 14 tokens, or ass fucking by tipping 15! 
You might not realize all the work that goes into making those special gifts you get your loved ones on Valentine's Day. 
my mom was the only person who got me something for valentines day and it was a teddy bear with a whole bunch of chocolates. 
If you want to be thoroughly entertained by me & on this Happy Valentines Day... 
then check out my Instastories on Instagram at kjohnson2505! 
Oh & Riley makes an appearance on the at 5!! 
Happy Valentines mi vida. 
Came home to a nice Valentines gift cause self love is cool. 
Lemon tarts are such a classic. 
That has been me for as long as I can remember. 
However, I genuinely wish everyone love and happiness regardless of the day and I hope everyone finds that special person. 
We have Steakhouse and Buffet specials today! 
There's still time to join us if you don't have plans. 
More Oregon craziness. 
School phasing out Valentine's Day "to be more inclusive". 
Outraged parents cause school board chair Dawnja Johnson to abruptly adjourn their meeting. 
Hello Jim, Thank you for the valentines greetings and hearts! 
I hope you had a special day with hugs and hearts yourself. 
George wrote a love story for his Valentine. 
Can you guess what he loves most in this world? 
First time ko pong makatanggap ng bulaklak at letter.. 
Happy Valentine's Day, y'all. 
There is a specific chord associated with No. 
This has by far been one of the best valentines. 
Because how is a person single and still gets hella gifts and hella love. 
"Hanggat wala ka pang boyfriend,ako lang muna ka date mo every valentines day". 
Blurred sa picture,pero malinaw sa puso ko yan. 
This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him. 
Seventeen empty seats at dinner tables tonight. 
Seventeen stacks of unread Valentines cards. 
But lots of thoughts and prayers. 
A wonderful day to show your love to your special Valentine and also to yourself, your family, friends and community. 
Love is in the air so spread the love today and everyday! 
Happy Valentines Day to my best friend and the best looking fur momma out there! 
I love you so so much! 
While everyone is getting their fucky fucky on tonight, let's not forget the unsung heroes of Valentines Day. 
My heart goes out to all of them everywhere. 
Saddest day to have to put her down on valentines. 
Her last pic is angel precious! 
Flowers, balloons and chocolates, oh my! 
Happy Valentines Day, everyone It's been a parade of pink and red all day. 
I dropped them when I got home, now I have a box of corn chips. 
"It don't matter here Who you love or what you wear" -Lavender Country Happy Valentines day from us to you. 
It don't matter who you love; we love you! 
&lt;3 Photo from Lavender Country performances by Natalia Perez featuring dancers Scott Marlowe and Raymond Ejiofor. 
Most of them are still on its way from fashion nova. 
School shootings simply should not be a thing. 
Kids can't even go to school to give their Valentines Day cards away without being shot. 
SEVENTEEN young lives just gone. 
Happy Valentines Day! 
May there be love in the air. 
Find someone you can confide in, relax with, and have a great time with. 
I booked a vacation and bought a ticket to see Black Panther at a swanky theater, so it's basically my best 2/14 ever. 
When you live at Elysian, love comes easy! 
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY! 
Prayers & thoughts are not enough! 
Valentines hits a new low when people start stealing your boxes! 
And not on Valentines! 
I had serious plans for that beet gnocchi. 
Valentines Day Romance Deals! 
Both of Earl's bars already at capacity. 
Supply of available city bar seats shrinking rapidly. 
Where's Your BetrSpot? 
No Valentine this year? 
No worries, we have several girls wanting to be yours! 
Yummy Valentine lunch today . 
Happy Valentines Day All!!! 