I'll hug you and tell you to have a good day. 
Eat your favorite food, take time to take care of yourself, it might feels the world is ending, but you'll be stronger after this. 
I went through this like everyone else. 
V-Day Gift highlight No.. 
Fuck all left in Asda for Valentines Day... 
bought me bird some hoover bags, a pair of Marigolds and a new mop and bucket... 
The best video I've seen in a long time -HAPPY VALENTINES DAY YOU ALL. 
Leo is indeed a sweet boy. 
He bought all the HMs gifts in advance for valentines. 
Did Valentine's Day sneak up on you? 
We've got the perfect sweets for your sweetie. 
Tho, Valentines is just not enough for me to tell you how much you mean to me, how happy you make me and how safe I feel around you. 
Thank you for everything. 
can we bring back those valentine shoebox events we had in elementary school!!! 
So how ironic is it that I almost captured a Luvdisc on Pokemon Go before Valentines Day. 
This is the PERFECT example of how my love life is.... 
Hehe who wants to take my little shorty out for valentines tomorrow since boys are TRASH! 
Valentine's Day as a toddler mom: writing your kid's name in chickenscratch on 20 Valentines so it looks like you listened to the preschool teacher and had your child practice writing her own name. 
Excuse me I could really use a papal dispensation on the meat thing for tomorrow as it is Valentines Day and my dinner reservation is at a steakhouse. 
A wa nuhbadi tell mi NUh Happy Valentines day tomorrow, Mek i send dem up inna dem ma! 
Cuz unu see say mi single almost 2 years now, su nuhbada come with the shade! 
Sharrawt to all the side chicks that were taken out today for an "early valentines dinner"... 
Which of the following is most often the correct answer? 
Oans would just stand paSide and watch their friends get roses from other schools. 
There's a theme here. 
He placed a rose on his fathers and mothers graves. 
"Happy Valentines Day". 
He does this most holidays. 
Or at least the ones that were big in the circus. 
V-Day Gift highlight No. 
Available in one gorgeous size.. 
